I predicted the future completely and
utterly accurately my entire life Andrew
Tate reveals who controls the world and
also the influence I have over the one
demographic they're most fearful of the
young military-aged males those are the
ones you need to be the backbone of the
slave force and build the roads for uh a
[ __ ] wage if you say the wrong thing or
think the wrong thing you're going to be
punished for it I was involved in some
shady things I've been in rooms with
people who sit around and say this guy's
a problem it's just like what might have
happened to Diana well we've tried to
talk to him he won't talk he's
unreasonable okay I challenge him on
misogyny and sexism I'm a crazy
misogynist when the woman's still
sucking dick dinner's on time there's
not a girl I look at that I want that I
can't have you want a [ __ ] Ferrari
you can have it you want that [ __ ] you
can have her he opens up on what he
believes he will be killed they've
already given me quite a few warnings
where I actually truly believe they're
going to try and kill me so you've had
messages from people trying to control
you who you think would kill you and
I'll make it very clear here I would
never kill myself under any
circumstances ever gave me a bunch of
mind-altering drugs and then sat me down
to repeat all the bad [ __ ] that ever
happened to me for hours and hours a day
I killed myself it gets to a point where
it just ain't [ __ ] worth breathing
anymore you're gonna believe in that
Flawless if you're depressed I don't
want to think anything like you so take
your opinion and get [ __ ] so I've
flown all the way from London to Dubai
to challenge Andrew take but before we
go into this make sure you like this
video subscribe to the channel and turn
the notification Bell on
Andrew who runs the world that's a very
good question uh and that's the first
question so let me let me answer the
best I can
I believe that of course the stating the
obvious powerful people around the world
I believe that powerful people try their
very best to inflict their worldview and
their
goals and desires on the general
populace I think an easy way to think of
it is that if you had a company let's
say you had a small company with four to
five employees you wouldn't hire any
employee that didn't agree with you or
didn't listen to you or didn't think
like you if you said I want you to do
this and they said no then you'd fire
them right so if you can extrapolate
that out and make it much larger and
understand that these people have
companies with millions of people or
they own countries they want people to
comply and uh the reason people have to
comply with them is because these people
own all the important resources on all
the important land they print the money
they own the media they own the
information and they want to make sure
that everybody agrees with them and
complies with them
so they have tried very hard to damage
the human psyche to the point where we
are now completely empty and open for
all forms of slave programming they
tried to convince us to ignore our own
eyes and our own ears they convince you
to look at somebody and not be sure what
gender they are or to look around you
and pretend you're in a pandemic when
everything is fine they convince you
that your own brain is the enemy and
that you must just only consume what you
are told because once they do that once
they can convince you to do something as
crazy as ignore your own eyes then they
can simply slot in any USB stick of
slave programming at random whatever
they want you to currently believe
whether it's to believe this particular
war is a good idea or staying in your
house and destroying your own business
is a good idea or gassing x amount of
the population because there are
different religion is a good idea that's
how it works so the people who are in
charge of the world whatever they want
to do they want to make sure everybody
complies and listens to them which is
the which is normal human nature I'm not
going to say there that I'm any better
than these people I have 100 people who
work for me and I want them all to
listen so with what happens when you get
that big and yeah they don't want
anybody's morals or religion or point of
view standing in the way they just want
you to comply
and who is they well that's a good
question
even if I knew all their names I
wouldn't say it here but uh why wouldn't
you say it here I wouldn't say it here
because
they've already given me quite a few
warnings
and I'm now at the point where I
actually truly believe they're going to
try and kill me
I I so you've had messages from people
trying to control you who you think
would kill you
I understand that you get three strikes
in this game
strike one is they try and shut you up
and discredit you which I've just been
through strike two is they try and put
you in jail for no reason and strike
threes they kill you
and one of my strikes is now gone and I
now firmly believe that they're going to
try and kill me because they want me to
be quiet I'm not being quiet and I have
huge amounts of influence is which is
what they're scared of because influence
is what the whole life influences what
the world is about right if you send
soldiers to a country to die if you have
literally a pitched battle
on any country on the planet with tanks
and planes and people are dying
that's only to control the ground so you
can influence it like all of that is for
influence the media is for influence
what they tell people to believe the
mindsets they want you to adopt is so
they can influence you so when somebody
like me comes along who has a mass
amount of influence and it's going in
the direction they're contrary to they
sit and go wow this is a big problem
from one person and people have car
accidents people get robbed people get
shot
and that's the unfortunate reality of
human nature when you are a very large
problem for very powerful people they
look for quick Solutions and the easiest
solution is to kill me
and I think it's going to get there if
I'm not extremely careful so
yeah it it they dislike me not just
because of what I say because everybody
knows what I say is true but because of
the huge amount of influence I have and
also the influence I have over the one
demographic they're most fearful of
which are
the young military age males
they're the demographic that they need
to keep under control the most because
those are the ones who lead a revolution
those are the ones who are naturally
rebellious those are the ones you need
to fight in your armies those are the
ones you need to be the backbone of the
slave force and build the roads for a
[ __ ] wage those are the ones you need to
sit in a sexless marriage and raise kids
while they're depressed and turn off and
pay their taxes anyway that demographic
is the backbone of the economy of the
defense of a Nation they're the number
one enemy to the state if they decide to
get in a big group together like I don't
want to be misogynistic I've been
accused of it enough but if a hundred
thousand women get in one place and
complain it's inconvenient if a hundred
thousand men get in one place and
complain it's a revolution so they're
scared of men free thinking and they're
scared of young men free thinking and my
fans are young military age males and I
teach them to free think so they look at
me and they literally see me as a threat
to the world and that's why
I think they're going to try and kill me
so you said you now have to be careful
so what are you changing about what
you're doing to not get killed I'm as
perspicacious as I can be what does that
mean so perspicacious is the ability to
perceive perspective yeah how much
specifications as I can be but I'm also
very understanding that they want me
they're going to get me
it's an unfortunate reality you you it's
it's very easy to kill people
especially at their level right
if they want me they're going to get me
all I'm doing is trying to stay true to
my self stay true to God because I truly
believe this is a battle of good versus
evil and say the things I know need to
be said in a way which is respectful
enough and important enough
um so that the powers that be decide
that it's okay if I if I stay alive but
if they decide the opposite then there's
very little I can do about it and of
course I have a 10-man security team
everyone's armed I carry a weapon like
etc etc but if they want you
they're going to get you that's the game
so
it's it's kind of people often say to me
well then Andrew why do you do this why
do you talk and I I really believe we're
living in a pivotal point of history as
AI gets better as technology gets better
as they get more and more control over
the money and the way people think and
the way people move I think that
absolute slavery and tyranny is coming
to the entire world I think our
children's children will live as slaves
I think the idea of social Mobility will
be absolutely not only destroyed you're
going to be born into a class and that's
where you're going to belong and stay if
you say the wrong thing or think the
wrong thing you're going to be punished
for it and I think this is one of our
last chances to fight and I think it's a
battle of good versus evil is genuinely
God against the demons and I know that
I'm on the side of God and I'm a
strictly religious person and I couldn't
live with myself if I didn't talk
and if God decides that I have to be
martyred for that then that's his
decision so
it's it's unfortunate but that's what
happens when you have mass amounts of
influence why
why and this is a question to you if you
had control of the world and you spent
huge resource and energy on media
machines to make people think a certain
way
and somebody like me came along and made
everybody not listen
would you like that person would you
want that person to continue to talk
what if that what have you tried to go
to him and say listen shut up we've
warned you now and he wouldn't shut up
what would you do
when I'm an entrepreneur so I'd probably
try and collaborate with you but they're
not entrepreneurial at that level up but
even if they try and collaborate with me
and that's actually an interesting topic
because I've had
strange offers let's put it that way
I won't sell my soul
a lot of people do right or don't sell
you so mean it means that you sign a
piece of paper and you shut up for x
amount of money yeah or x amount of
influence Whatever by collaborate I
don't mean pay you and shut you up I
mean let's do some business together
let's change the world completely but
they don't the way they want to change
the world is not the way I will ever
allow them to try and change the world I
don't agree with what they're doing I
think what they're doing is
anti-humanist I think what they're doing
is truly evil and I won't sell my soul
they can't convince me to sit and tell
the children what they want the children
to believe and normally when you sign a
contract and you become a music star or
a sports star or whatever you shut up
because you have sponsors you have money
you can get canceled Etc you have to be
quiet
and I'm not in that position
so they try and get a degree of Leverage
over you I've had very strange offers
can you share any of them
I had friend I had phone numbers appear
from nowhere uh WhatsApp conversations
I'd have no idea who this person was or
how they got my number inviting me to
very private parties and very private
places
I had
my own phone calls played back to me
I I've answered the phone before
and it's a recording of me on the phone
and that's all it is wow
um and I probably shouldn't say these
things on YouTube but this is the
reality of the world I'm not living in
so
yeah there's there's things that have
happened that have been like Andrew you
better shut up but I don't think I'm
actually saying anything that's
detrimental and if this is watched by
anybody influential all I'm trying to do
is teach men to be true to themselves
and and be true to the power that's
inside of them god-given and I think
that the world will always be a better
place in the end that way
and I I'm also very understanding that
societies to a degree need to be
controlled obviously you can't have
every Seeker out there in the open but I
think that the direction that the West
is going especially is is truly evil and
I think that somebody needs to stand up
and talk talk about it I think the
things they're trying to convince people
to believe and do
are not the way that God wanted us I'm a
crazy misogynist when the woman's still
sucking dick dinner's on time there's
not a girl I look at that I want that I
can't have you want a [ __ ] Ferrari
you can have it you want that [ __ ] you
can have her
and where's this come from this tyranny
and this future slavery well I think
power is always going to corrupt
no matter how good the person I give you
a million examples right so I I'm no
nice guys and they're genuinely a nice
guy and they get a girlfriend who's
completely in love with them and the
girl will do anything for them no matter
how nice that man is they end up just
being a bit of a [ __ ] to her because
she'll just take it it's just what
happens power corrupts people like we're
we're not perfect creatures and I think
when you start getting Mass amounts of
influence and power it's very normal and
natural to get to a point where you just
want to be completely and hardly obeyed
and also there's a huge ego trip and I
when I say ego people think oh that's a
bit of a juvenile way to boil down the
world but I don't think it is I think
that if you're born into a billionaire
family and your family's been important
since the dawn of human time that you
would get a massive ego trip from people
complying and people not complying is a
big deal to you right your king look at
the olden days if you looked at the king
wrong you drop your head off right so if
you sit and if you come along and give
some ridiculous rule let me make up a
fake scenario let me make up something
totally ridiculous let's imagine that
everyone was suddenly afraid of the
common cold and let's imagine we told
people to wear a mask when they walk in
a restaurant sit down take it off eat
put it back on to stand up and go toilet
come back take it off to eat to save
lives let's just do some hypothetical
right
everybody knows there's no medical
backing for that everybody knows that's
absolutely ridiculous so why would you
do that well you do that to force people
to comply so you can sit around and go
that's it what else is going to make
somebody at that level happy besides an
ego trip you think money's going to make
them happy you can buy a Ferrari and
smile these people print money they're
above money right and they believe whoa
I won't say quite rightly but I
understand why they believe it that
they're better than everybody else they
believe that they're literally a
different species than everybody else
we're peasants we're ants we're nothing
to these people so if they tell you to
do something you better do it so if you
stand up and say that's dumb
who's the big mouth oh this ain't smart
and they'll find a way to check you and
uh if you're an aunt that stands up and
then a whole bunch of other ants stand
up with you
well that's that's where the problems
come right that's why they got Socrates
you know why Socrates died I'd love to
I'd love to hear he he was arrested and
he ended up poisoning himself
and killing himself because they were
going to execute him and he was arrested
for corrupting the youth because he was
convincing the youth to think about not
joining the military because the wars
were pointless
so corrupting the youth is why Socrates
died if you make the youth think you're
an animated The Establishment it's
always been the same
do you not go to bed at night sometimes
and
[ __ ] yourself
I'm yes
but
at this point I've now made a decision
to stand true to my morals and stand
true to God and genuinely be a force of
good for the world and genuinely try to
make people do good things to other
people and if if I'm not going to stop
doing that so if I'm going to die I'm
going to die it's like being in a plane
crash what can you do
plane's going down what are you going to
do about it you can scream and be a girl
about it but the plane's still going to
crash so it's kind of not defeatist it's
kind of like you come to terms
with the scenario am I going to sell my
soul and live longer and have less of an
impact on the world and know that I'm
aiding the devil in its intentions or am
I going to live a shorter amount of time
and do my absolute best to be a positive
force for the world to be remembered as
such and I think that God reward me for
that so it's just you come to terms with
the reality that there are enemies too
powerful to fight and there's nothing
you can do
so you said that a lot of influence and
power can create ego you can say it can
create you I said it I said these people
are absolutely and utterly deeply
egotistical to a level that an average
person can't possibly understand wow
okay so has your power created that in
you completely and when I met you you
were really nice and humble and we were
chatting and so would they be right but
if I had an employee and I said do this
and they said I'm doing that I'm like
well then you're [ __ ] fired oh but I
have to pay a mortgage don't care bye I
can turn ruthless just like anybody else
right
well but you don't become powerful if
you if you can't be yes yeah this is the
unfortunate realities the people who
become most powerful in the world of
people who have the capability to be
ruthless this is what is power is only
attractive to people who want to yield
it why would you want Power if you're
not going to wield it why would you want
a sword if you never take it out right
if I give you give a friend you give a
guy a gun he's gonna go even he doesn't
want to shoot you when you wave it round
a bit I'm just gonna put it in the
drawer and close it never touch it again
right so the people in life who never
try to become powerful maybe they're the
ones who can sit and say I wouldn't do
that well but you're never going to be
powerful so who cares the people who aim
for power and and crave power they crave
it to use it right and I'm not saying
that I'm any better than these people
are in charge of the world I'm sitting
saying this is human nature to a degree
I try my very best to live true to God I
know that I try and do good things
but the people in charge of the World
perhaps believe that their ideas are
good they're opposite to mine right so
they may have the idea that we should
teach children about sex at three years
old I believe we should leave the
children alone they believe their ideas
good I believe my idea is good and if I
was in charge of the world and somebody
tried to do the opposite idea teach
children about sex at three years old
I'd be the one saying absolutely no shut
them up
I do the same thing do you understand so
I'm no better than these people we're
all human I just truly believe that my
views are better than theirs but they
believe the same the opposite way around
and that's what's so difficult about it
that's what's so sad about the world if
you look at any War
it's never good guy versus bad guy
everyone has their opinions right but
it's always a a gray mess of some guys
got a good point the other guy's kind of
got a good point everyone's half good
half bad and that's the unfortunate
reality of Earth so
yeah it's it's a difficult it's a
strange one but I I absolutely
completely will sit here and say yes if
I had absolute power then I would I
would wield it completely just like they
are
I I get it I get it and that's why I
know they want me gone because I know
how they I know what happens when you're
a powerful person and and someone keeps
poking you
I know what happens and I all I know
that not only from this world I know it
from the underworld I've had a very long
and interesting life pre in a previous
Incarnation I was involved in some shady
things
and are you talking about another life
before your own life let's put it that
way
um so not in the 35 years you've been
here another life for legal reasons I
say another life okay and I've been in
rooms with people who sit around and say
this guy's a problem
as in there talking about you or no no
I've been in the room and we're talking
about somebody else right this guy's a
problem in another life In Another Life
yeah and and and the problem gets fixed
this is not as in the person goes away
one way or another
are you talking like is this like what
might have happened to Diana this kind
of thing is this what you're saying I'm
talking about okay let's take a
hypothetical again let's say you have
five drug dealers in a room and a drug
dealer keeps robbing them what they're
gonna do they're gonna get robbed
forever and say no this is a problem how
do we fix this problem well we've tried
to talk to him he won't talk he's
unreasonable okay get rid of him
but that's business that's life right
well it's not business it's well it's
that business but and I'm saying that
even from the bottom levels of the
socio-economic scale all the way to the
top levels of the social economic scale
it comes up there becomes a point where
the only solution to the problem is
violence most people don't understand
that the entire world we live in is
absolutely or not only violent
I see violence everywhere if I see a big
tree I don't think oh wow that's a big
beautiful tree I sit and go that tree
destroyed every tree anywhere near it
its root system is two miles long it's
been kicking trees asses for a hundred
years that is a badass tree right it's a
violent tree
and every single thing about civilized
societies underpinned on violence the
idea that violence will eventually
appear is the only reason any of this
works if I drive through Dubai
too fast the camera will go off and I'll
get a speeding ticket if I ignore the
speeding ticket they'll add money to the
speeding ticket if I don't pay that
they'll send a bailiff might tell him to
get [ __ ] they'll send the police if I
tell them to get [ __ ] they'll arrest
me if I refuse
violence it doesn't matter what law what
tax code what any anything you can think
of if you disobey long enough it comes
back to the bottom line the bottom line
is always violence so if you talk to
somebody and they don't listen if you
try and reason with somebody they won't
listen you try and bribe someone they
won't take it it gets to a point where
there's one answer left
well then teach them a lesson and and
most people don't understand us about
the world and
I was having a conversation with a woman
once
she said she was a pacifist
and I had to correct her and I said
you're absolutely not really not a
pacifist you may be incapable of
violence because you're a female but you
believe in violence because if I were to
attack you you'd call the police and you
want violence by proxy to protect you
you believe in violence because you
believe in Law and Order you can't be a
pacifist among savagery right you you
like the idea of living in society you
like the idea of your house being yours
why is it yours is yours that is
enforced by a legal contract that the
government will enforce with a police
force with violence With The Whole
World's violent everything's violent so
I don't think most people understand and
realize that you're saying it's not
business when I say the drug dealers are
violent I completely disagree it is
business if a company sues another
company and they owe a bunch of money
and they don't pay it we can go down the
same route guess what happens in the end
they end up taking the CEO's house he
doesn't want to give it up they send a
police officers around and said you were
due to get evicted today I ain't leaving
violence business is violence life is
violence it's all violence we put a nice
little happy sugar coat on top of it but
that's the truth of the world and I'll
make it very clear here I would never
kill myself under any circumstances ever
gave me a bunch of mind-altering drugs
and then sat me down to repeat all the
bad [ __ ] that ever happened to me for
hours and hours a day I'd kill myself it
gets to a point where it just ain't
[ __ ] worth breathing anymore you're
gonna believe in atholics if you're
depressed I don't want to think anything
like you so take your opinion and get
[ __ ] we've launched some new YouTube
channels that I believe you will love we
always have a brand new launched more
money seek Crooks Channel where you can
learn earn and invest and make manage
and master money and we have a short
version of that channel three new
channels you can find the links in the
description and remember if you don't
miss anything you risk everything
how did you learn all this
that's a good question
I've had a
interesting life
and yeah we flew out here for you so
we've got all day to listen to yeah I've
I've had an interesting life and and I
think the only way you learn lessons in
life are the hard way or the harder way
I think that humans are terrible at
learning lessons easily
you will see somebody make them the same
mistake a hundred times until that one
time it really hurts that's just how we
are
and God's been quite nice to me by
teaching me the hard lessons quickly he
didn't give me any chances to learn
slowly he came at me hard and fast and
instantly so I learned things very quick
so I learned the reality of a lot of
scenarios and how the world works very
very quickly because I never had any of
those in-betweens you know have you got
a specific hard lesson quick card brutal
I have a few yeah uh but but
I think everything I say all of my
answers
are are based on my life I don't want to
there's some things I don't want to say
on camera but anything I'm saying is
based on a scenario that I've lived
through I don't read books I'm not a
book reader I don't consume content I
don't watch videos I don't watch anybody
else's things every single word out in
my mouth is just a reality I've lived
walking around day to day
and I philosophize it in my own mind I
absorb it and I come to my conclusions
and my conclusions
seem to be pretty accurate for two
reasons one is maybe the most Googled
man on the planet and two how many
searches I was trying to find out I was
trying to Google how many Google
searches yeah or Andrew at the height of
the media attack I was the most Google
man on the planet I don't know how many
more than Alec Baldwin more than Will
Smith more than Donald Trump more than
Putin in the middle of this war more
than Joe Biden more than the Kardashians
more than everyone else Google Now on
the planet so that's one reason I know
that my conclusions are accurate but the
other reason I know my conclusions are
accurate is because when you make a
conclusion or you come to build a mental
model in your mind the idea of having it
is to be able to predict the future
there's no point in constructing a
mental model that doesn't allow you to
predict the future if I pick this bottle
up
I know if I drop it if I let go it's
going to fall because every other time I
did that it fell right
my mind has told me if you drop things
if you let go of them they're going to
fall to the ground it allows me to
predict the future
if I couldn't predict the future of my
mental model my mental model believes
something else then I'd make a bunch of
mistakes
I predicted the future completely and
hardly accurately my entire life
I know that I'm right because the way I
think allows me to be correct in every
scenario I've ever been in I know when
someone's going to hurt me I know when
my time's almost up I know how to make a
bunch of money I know when I know all of
it I've never been wrong about anything
so for someone to come along and try and
convince me that my mental model and my
way of viewing the world isn't accurate
it's going to be extremely difficult
because I'm going to sit and say well my
mental model produces X to this accuracy
and you're a dumbass so what could you
predict my friend and and that's the
reality of the world so
my stories are being told the lessons of
them at least
what are the lessons of the Middle East
no no the lessons of the stories you
asked me a story and I'm sorry I won't
tell the story but the lessons the
lessons are being told okay Andrew you
misunderstood
that's a good question I want to answer
that was my original question one by the
way I want to answer as a professional
yes I am misunderstood
I misunderstood because
the things I say are a large web of
nuanced and they're interlinked and if
you take one individual part
from the web then completely I
understand how some things can be
massively misunderstood I also
understand that most people have no
interest in the truth and no interest in
digging deeper and finding out the truth
about a person or a scenario
I think that let's let's tie this back
to the conversation we just had if you
take a small subsect of society let's
say Mass murderers you'd assume all of
society is bad but when you Interlink it
and understand it what societal as a
whole the world's not such a bad place I
think that's the same for all people I'm
certainly one of those people
uh and I think that my ideas when
they're properly explained and
completely digested head to toe very
rarely if at all ever get a negative
reaction the people who misunderstand me
so further so fever feverishly are
people who have never even bothered to
genuinely understand me at all I know
this because there's actually a very
famous Tick Tock account some guy who
walks around college campuses in America
and he says have you heard of Andrew
Tate the girl goes yeah do you like him
no I hate him why
he's a misogynist what does misogynist
mean
whatever and they just walk off whatever
so and it's different versions of that
same conversation what does he said
that's misogynistic
well he hates women no no what did he
say
and this is this is what we're it's
amazing how
the conversation into laces right what
did I say at the beginning the slave
programming the empty mind
Andrew is misogynistic people who are
going to walk through Earth and repeat
that they have no evidence they have no
proof they can't tell you why when you
challenge them on it they get angry
because it's been installed in their
brain because they're dummies and when a
dummy you remove and you empty their
brain you install the new programming
they instantly get enraged when they
realize their brain short circuits
explain why you feel how you feel
they can't and then they have a
breakdown
and this is the true height of the slave
mind if you can convince somebody to
have a strong emotional reaction about a
subject they don't even understand
imagine the level of slave these people
are imagine every time you saw the color
red you just lost your mind
you're a slave you're controlled and all
the people who dislike me because none
of them can even tell you why are slaves
to The Matrix they belong to the
machines they've had all of their
morality and all of their own thoughts
completely and utterly erased they've
installed the new program first it was
or whatever it was now it's Andrew Slava
Ukraine goes on and on whatever the new
[ __ ] story is Andrew's the enemy
right now and they don't even know why
they feel how they feel and there is a
large percentage of the population
walking through earth now with opinions
that they will fight to the death for
and they don't even know where it came
from and they don't even know why they
believe it you know and it doesn't even
benefit them this is the miracle of it
if you have one of these opinions that
you've really defend but it benefits
your life I get it like let's take an
extreme opinion let's say you're the
Taliban right you have extreme opinions
but those opinions allow you to live
life in a particular way
you'll fight to defend those opinions
but if your opinion is I hate Andrew
Tate your life is no better
you don't gain anything your reality
doesn't change but you're still prepared
to fight for that opinion
you're a slave and most of the people
who dislike me in fact let me correct
myself everybody who dislikes me is
slave minded and it is still a minority
ninety percent of comments on my videos
are positive but there's 10 slave Minds
who no matter what evidence you show
them of me talking good about women or
my charitable donations which rack up to
the tens of millions of dollars or the
foundations I run or the orphanage I
built or all the people's lives I've
saved when I reply to men who are
suicidal and men's mental health which
I'm working with closely
no matter what you show them their only
reply is but he's bad
I'll tell you why and this is just a
slave mind you can't reason with the
slaves because they've been programmed
so you mentioned the underworld and The
Matrix
what is that
have you seen the movie yeah
damn straight yeah good movie so in the
movie The Matrix your body heat is being
salvaged and to keep your mind occupied
you're living inside of a false reality
computer generated
the reason I think we live in a matrix
now is because I think the same thing is
happening perhaps it's not our body heat
perhaps it's our our work our ideas but
they're being salvaged and the reality
they've given us to occupy our brains is
false we don't live in the real world
we are living in a reality where we're
told stories and narratives that aren't
true where they try very hard to
distract us with garbage
Rihanna I have nothing against Rihanna
like I don't know her but when I see a
concert and I see hundreds of thousands
of peons standing amongst what are they
peons it's the people who go to these
concerts right peon means peasant
standing because this is an education in
language no but but they are peasants
because they're acting in a peasant
peasant way they're acting like peasants
hundreds of thousands of people in a
crowd looking up at somebody like their
God
jumping up and down for hours on end
you're a peasant you're a peasant and
your life's [ __ ] and you have no
achievements no money you're depressed
but you're distracted they've distracted
you with this Idol whoever it happens to
be put them there and the peasant's like
yeah
it's and then they go home and they're
told something by the news let's again
let's make up a completely false
scenario be afraid of the common cold
okay and then anyone who comes back and
says why are we afraid of the common
cold
they delete their point of view they
shut them up
to create a false reality so people are
living a life where they're working a
job they're being enslaved by the
machines for their tasks but their mind
is distracted by garbage and only fed a
fake story and they're living inside of
a computer generated simulation they're
living inside of a world that is not
real they don't live in a real world a
lot of people live inside of the Matrix
completely especially the people who
dislike me and how do you get out of
this simulation and into whatever the
real world is and what is the real world
they should do a public post on all
their social media I am sorry I believe
the lies I'm sorry I helped purport the
enslavement of mankind I am sorry I was
a tool of the Matrix and an enslavement
of man I am sorry hey on the subject of
money and right now with all the
craziness in the world you need to be
armed so if you'd like to start and
scale a business make manage and
multiply money build multiple streams of
digital income my digital Financial
toolkit will be just for you it's free
and the link is in the description
and money is the key to beginning to
escape so we had houses University they
attacked it when they attacked the
Matrix so now we've started our own
Banks
we have our own banking license we have
our own Payment Processing we have our
own data center deep in a mountain was
that because it all got taken off you
when you were canceled it's because they
were attacking it right so we built all
the infrastructure ourselves so you're
decentralized completely so it can't be
attacked anymore and that's the real
world and we can teach people how to
make money and the reason I teach people
how to make money is because money is
stage one to Escaping The Matrix
you can't think for yourself
and talk the things you believe if you
need that wage
and that person tells you to shut up you
can't the reason everyone wore the mask
is because they had to pay their
mortgage oh that wife told him or their
wife told them to that's right yeah so
if if you need
breadcrumbs and you're a starving man
you can't really talk to the guy who has
all the bread and tell him to get [ __ ]
right
so the first thing you do when someone
says to me I want to escape the matrix I
think for myself is okay then you need
to be prepared financially you need
money to go to war
so the first thing I do is I teach
anybody who's a fan of mine to make as
much money as possible and I don't do
that to make money in fact the school is
ridiculously cheap it's it's so cheap
it's less than a lunch
and you can find out more on
covertake.com but the reason I do it was
the link again Cobra tate.com right but
anybody who is a fan of mine I want
those people to be as wealthy as
possible because they agree with my
mindset and they need I want to equip my
my soldiers I don't want everyone who
agrees with me to be an unimportant
Brokey I want the people who agree with
me to be influential and Rich and I want
them to be able to stand up and talk and
fight for themselves so this is the
reason I teach people how to make money
because I know anybody who resonates
with my message
the wealthier they get the better the
war is going to be for me so I wouldn't
consider it philanthropic I have an
agenda but my agenda is to find anybody
who agrees with me and give them as much
money as possible
so that's the real world which is
launching on covertake.com because
that's stage one you're asking how to
escape stage one is you must make money
I've I've tried very hard
to help people with no money
but there's just too many blocks in the
way you just you can't put that on
social media you can't afford a day off
work you can't afford your boss to get
mad you can't afford to get arrested you
can't get a lawyer you can't you can't
fight you can't fight you need bullets
and you're gone
so stage one is to get rich then you
have to get rich while preserving your
soul and that's a harder part right
because as you get rich as you climb
there are many different hands trying to
drag you in different directions he says
looking at me over his glasses you have
women gambling drugs degeneracy Hedonism
isn't that why you have the money well
this is it and you can dabble but you
certainly don't want to lose your soul
completely yeah you have large business
interests offering more money more power
to believe X to say x I can sit here and
say now I have never sold a scam to
anybody I don't sell crypto pump and
dumps to anybody I don't sell soft
drinks full of sugar to anybody I don't
convince I don't I've been offered money
by gambling companies I said no I only
thing I teach is how is teach people how
to make money and I know it works
because I do it all myself me and my
professors teach what we already do to
all become multi-millionaires to people
and I've told the reason why they've
tried to get me to sell my soul to sell
crap to the world endless times and I've
never done it
so you have these offers right when
you're the most Googled man on the
planet do you have any idea how much
they'll pay you to sell bollocks to
people
this yeah Andrew hey here this this this
energy drink say is what you take to
have high energy and sell this [ __ ] full
of sugar to children and there's 100
million dollars
no we'll do it I don't believe in it I
won't do it so then you have to keep
your moral fiber and stay principled
which is another battle but if you
manage to make money and stay true to
your own moral fibers and principles and
stay perspicacious word of the day you
keep paying attention to the world and
actually keep your eyes open and look
around then you'll naturally escape the
matrix it's natural for the human mind
it's natural human evolution for us to
spiritually escape the enslavement
because the enslavement is for man but
our Enlightenment is from God it is
natural for us if you get rich enough to
say no to ideas that you understand are
innately wrong if you get rich enough to
have a different opinion if you pay a
lot of attention and you resist all of
The Temptations of the devil the only
possible end state is to escape the
matrix
it's an easy trajectory most people fall
off because they're too broke to think
you're too poor to have an opinion so
you're too poor to think
the rest fall off because they get a
little bit rich and they get snapped up
but anybody who doesn't fall for those
two traps ends up where I am
and there are a lot of us and where are
you
I am in a stage of Enlightenment outside
of the Matrix I'm like Morpheus I I come
in and out I come back into the Matrix I
come to YouTube I talk to people whose
minds are ready to be freed I convince
them to join the real world at
carbotake.com and begin their journey
and I take the free minds and we escape
the matrix together this is why for a
long time on Twitter I had an account
called Morpheus I was Morpheus because
that's what I kept getting compared to I
I come in and out trying to free the
mines and I hope I find Neo I hope I
find somebody who's even better at
attacking the Matrix than I am all I'm
trying to do is talk to the people who
understand what I'm saying is right when
I say these things there are going to be
certain amounts of people who listen to
this and think I'm crazy he's crazy
and there's people who listen to it and
go yes finally he's finally I understand
finally I know what to do I've felt this
for so long I've looked around me and
knew that this shouldn't be my life I
knew that they're lying to me I didn't
know what to do now he's told me what to
do
those are the ones I'm interested in and
they can join the real world inside of
covertake.com I'll see them there
anybody who thinks I'm crazy that's fine
I'm crazy don't worry about me I'm a
crazy misogynist the news has never lied
to anybody
all every war ever started the reason
the news told you that's why it started
it's not like every single one's been a
false flag since the beginning
every single narrative that they've
tried to purport upon you is not to
control you it's because they want you
to know the truth because you're so
important
don't worry so the media is lying about
me they must be right why would they lie
why would they try and convince people
that the world's most influential man is
somehow bad is it it's not because you
know they're worried he has influence
and might push the world in a good
direction of course not no it's because
he's such a bad guy that's why he has no
criminal record no girls come forward
saying I've done anything to anybody no
victims of any kind
somehow I'm evil and the people who
believe this garbage are slave minded
they're slave minded It's very it's the
most common tactic in the world first
day insult your character and attack you
at stage one of the three stage three
stages they attack you your character
and cancel you they put you in jail for
something you did not do
and the last is to kill you and I'll
make it very clear here I would never
kill myself under any circumstances ever
ever
and if I like to think that if anybody
sees a mediocre where I've been locked
up for whatever it is they're going to
look at it and go this is [ __ ] Tate
didn't do that
with the scrutiny I'm under
does anyone think I'm breaking the law
I don't know scrutinized man on the
planet like if I was breaking laws I'd
be in jail trust me I drive at the speed
limit my friend that's the level it's
got to like they don't they think I'm
out here doing bad things so when they
when the article comes out saying Tate
did this
I I just pray there's enough people who
are outside of the Matrix to sit and go
this is some [ __ ] and he doesn't
deserve this because I don't deserve it
because I will be innocent
what is enlightenment
I think that enlightenment
is always being able to use your own
emotions to your advantage
every single time I've been furiously
angry or even in a murderous rage It's
been a
very appropriate time to be so and I
don't mean appropriate because of the
reasoning I'm not saying I had a good
reason to be angry I'm saying that it
was the best decision at the time
every time
I've ever been truly sad again it was
beneficial for me to feel that way there
are times in life where while there are
times in life when murderous rage is the
best possible option on the table
Lifetime well the times in life where if
you're genuinely threatened the best
possible emotion you could feel is
murderous rage right there's times when
it's appropriate there's times when it's
good to be sadness times when it's going
to be empathetic and there's times when
it's good to be ruthlessly
psychopathically cold
so I think Enlightenment is making sure
that your brain and Soul and Spirit are
trained in a way that the emotions you
feel at any given time are the best
possible card in the deck
of all the options you have in the
Playbook
depending on the scenario your own
spirit gives you the exact perfect way
to feel to handle that scenario in the
most effective
and compenduous way possible
is that like almost taking a step above
those emotions and observing those
emotions and using them in in a second
that stage awareness that's a good
question and and I would say that's semi
Enlightenment right there was a point
where yes I get furiously angry and I
could see myself from the outside and it
was conscious but when you actually
reach true Enlightenment you don't have
to be conscious of it and you don't have
to observe yourself from the outside
you just feel what you're supposed to
feel at the exact right time all of the
time and you're absolutely engrossed by
it and completely I've never been
murderously angry or that was not the
best chance of me handling that scenario
to my advantage and I've never been in
any other emotional state where it
wasn't the best possible move when I
think back outside of the emotional
experience itself and think could I have
felt a different way and would that have
allowed me to act in a different way
that would have helped me more the
answer is always no the way I felt
allowed me to do exactly what I had to
do
and yes there was a point when that was
semi-conscious and now it's not
conscious at all if I start to feel
angry it's not conscious I am angry
completely and gnarly and I trust my
body and my spirit that I'm supposed to
be angry and I'm supposed to act within
that frame
and uh
that's what true Enlightenment is
because thinking outside of it and being
conscious of it is good but it takes
time
often in the most extreme scenarios of
Life the one thing you will not have is
very much time there has to be instant
and complete decisions and there has to
be a
final scenarios final
what's the word I'm looking for
consequences
is that something you trained yourself
to do
I think that life's trained me to be
that way
this is what happens when you've had a
varied enough life I talk often about
the importance of of trauma as a man I
think that if you were to find the most
interesting or most capable men on the
planet they've had the most
trauma-filled lives I just think that
trauma is what teaches you we talked
earlier about how you have to have
lessons taught to you the hardest way
if I were to if you were to call a Navy
SEAL and ask him to protect you going
into a building full of assailants you'd
like to think that guy's been through
some stuff do you'd like to see some
scars right you wouldn't want Mr fresh
face to turn up this is the reason why
we instinctively don't trust youth
because you look at a kid if a wealth
manager walks in and he's 18 you're like
you don't know about life nothing's hurt
you yet it's why we trust AIDS is why
they say that wisdom must be you must
grow into wisdom you can't just pick it
up right trust your elders listen to
your elders Etc these are age-old ways
of thinking
so lessons and Trauma and the more you
go through
the better of a man you are and if you
were to find the best men on the planet
I guarantee they've been through a bunch
of terrible things
and if you listen to podcasts from any
of the most interesting people on the
planet usually they've been through
they've had hard terrible lives and you
can use that trauma to become a better
person or you can let that trauma
consume you and destroy you
but
I thank God for all of it because
it gave me endless power to become the
person I am if you're truly if you're
truly angry or truly unhappy
then you can't sleep and if you can't
sleep then you get twice as many hours
as everybody else to become monumentally
successful so it's there's advantages
there's advantages to difficult things
and what is the biggest trauma that's
taught you the most it's it's
I I have a you know I've I've thought
long and hard about which stories I'm
prepared to share on social media which
ones I'm not and that Line's getting
more and more blurred I'm starting to
get more and more away
um
and there's certain things I don't want
to say
and I'm certainly not looking for any
degree of sympathy because like I said I
am glad for everything that happened to
me I wouldn't change a thing
I thank God for all of it so true
truthfully I think I've been I'm lucky
I've been blessed the reason I talk
about these things is not to tell people
I've had a hard life it's to make it
clear to people who are complaining
about their own lives that
the bad things that are happening to you
are what you need to become the man that
you want to be I can't talk about women
because I'm not one I actually think
trauma is terrible for women because it
masculinizes them they become cold and
that's not attractive right we want
feminine pure protected women I don't
want a woman to ever go through anything
bad in her life I think a man should go
through it for her and protect her
because I think that's how she's her
best self as a woman but I think to be
your best self as a man is the absolute
opposite and when someone emails me and
says this has happened to me am I good
no what do you mean good it's terrible
how else are you going to become
important how else are you going to find
endless fire to get up and struggle in
the face of the competition
that's out here in the world how else
are you ever you're going to do all that
with a nice cushy life
if any man's honest with himself think
about the biggest transformative stages
in your life think about the times you
got the most work done
it was a bad part of your life you were
heartbroken or you know you lost a house
or broke or whatever that's when you did
[ __ ] when everything was fine when the
woman's still sucking dick the the
mortgage is paid dinner's on time it's
kinda Doo little by little do a little
bit of work do a little bit of relax but
the big events
come from trauma this is it so it's a
cheat code
cheat code to climb the mountain so when
I get a message from whoever and he goes
my wife left me I'm devastated I say I
understand
I completely understand how hard it can
be to lose a woman that you've given
your entire life to and you've been done
so many nice things and then because of
one thing you did her innate and
absolutely insane level of
ungratefulness has turned her bitter and
she Now talks to you like she hates you
over one thing you've done after
thousands of efforts showing how
dedicated you are to her and even now
that you're prepared to die for her she
doesn't give a [ __ ] about you I
understand that pain
but my answer is good it's still good
now take all of that pain instead of
emailing me do this
and then you're going to become the kind
of person that women don't leave
and you win
Andrew I've got to do my job here sure I
don't want to do this because I'm really
enjoying this I've got to do my job I
want to push you for one specific
example of something that was traumatic
to you maybe something in your childhood
or something because there's still a
wall there where you haven't given us
anything that's really hurt you oh
completely yeah I haven't answered so I
mean I can I have a whole bunch of
things but I can give you a simple one
that I've talked about already before
and this is one that everyone can relate
to uh losing my father was was bad me
and my father were exceptionally close
but it's natural part of human evolution
as you grow you're going to lose your
parents this is what happens right uh
it's it's it's gonna suck but
the only alternative is that you die
before them and I think that's worse
because it's not it's not natural right
and there's an African proverb that says
you don't become a man until your father
dies and I can confirm that to be true
that that is my biggest fear in life
well I know it's coming not you know
it's coming yeah and it's sudden that
it's instant and it's brutal yeah and uh
but
all the trauma like all of the the pain
associated with that experience it
teaches you it taught me at least
I all of a sudden almost remembered
every conversation I ever had with him
like I always I was talking to the guy
every day right how old were you when
that happened
27 yeah
I was talking to the guy all the time
but when Once he's gone you remember all
the times he was right and you didn't
quite understand all the times he was
saying things you didn't quite get all
the times you talked back and you were
absolutely and utterly incorrect you're
like oh [ __ ] I've been wrong this whole
time right so it teaches you a whole
bunch about yourself and also for me
what it did was make it clear to me that
I'm no longer a student
it's time to become a teacher yeah
and also my scenario with my father was
very unique because he was the only
person on the planet I allowed to check
my thinking even at the age of 25 26 I
didn't
I had asked my dad if I was right I
didn't give a [ __ ] what anybody else
said you could get 20 000 people in the
room saying Andrea wrong didn't care but
if my dad said I was wrong shell I was
wrong so once he wasn't around to check
my thinking I had to check my own
thinking a lot harder a lot more
carefully
so yeah I mean that was a terrible
experience I I miss him like the
desert's Mr rain but
that's his life right the only
alternative is worse I don't think he
would have been able to actually
function if he lost me so this is how it
goes and and it's coming for all of us
what's actually kind of amazing is
he is mentioned and talked about now so
often on the internet because of my
massive Fame
so I've kept him Alive by becoming so
successful people are interested in my
origin which makes people talk about him
so it's kind of like
if you have a duty to your bloodline and
a duty to your ancestors and you truly
love your parents how can you still be
seeing a home playing video games being
a lazy piece of [ __ ] don't you want
people to remember them don't you want
people to think wow who's this person
who raised this amazing person
so that in and of itself it should be
endless motivation if anyone's watching
this if you love your parents you can't
be a loser anymore like otherwise
they're going to be forgotten along with
you you know so but yeah it's coming but
we're all going to be forgotten in the
end perhaps but there can be different
perhaps this is true but there will be
different evolutions
of of fables there are still Stories We
Tell from two or three thousand years
ago and I tell the story of my father
and my son will tell the story of me
and his son will tell the story of him
and we will all be so influential that
the name tape will live forever and this
is what gave me Solace but this Solace
that you find after your father's
passing that Solace for me also gave me
a massive sense of responsibility and
Duty I can't now not be who I am
which is goes back to earlier when you
were saying well
they're going to get you
how do you sleep at night because I
can't not do this because by doing this
my father is remembered and I will be
remembered and my son will be born and
instilled with a sense of Duty which
will make him impossible to program by
The Matrix so I know my son will be a
good person he won't be a piece of [ __ ]
like all these other children he will be
born with morality and he will
understand that his father sacrificed
himself for the good of the world
so yes I'm I don't like being alone in a
dark car park of course but also what's
the alternative to say Dad sorry
they offered me some money
is that the alternative I don't know but
maybe some people can sign up to that
but I certainly can't
do you have something to prove
I think everybody on the planet has
something to prove if you walk through
life and feel like you have nothing to
prove then you're a [ __ ] loser
if you wake up each day and go I don't
owe anybody anything I don't have to
prove anything to anybody then you are a
loser because you are absolutely not the
incorrect you must prove yourself to
other people you must prove yourself to
your bloodline as we just as we just
discussed you must prove yourself to God
God hates the lazy you can't stand them
if he gives you all these genetic
dispositions and these natural
god-giving gifts if you have two arms
and two legs and you can think and
you're not trying your absolute best
that's the reason you're not lucky he
doesn't like you he likes the people
which show him the beauty of his own
creation he likes to give somebody
building blocks and them to build
something amazing it's the best thing
about being a man you get to build who
you are right you can decide if you want
to be a funny comedian or a musician or
a kickboxing world champion or fight the
Matrix you decide whatever you want to
be God loves to see that those people
for some reason seem to be enormously
lucky right the person who goes I don't
have to prove anything to God I don't
owe all of my ancestors any effort you
know for 5 000 years people were dodging
saber's tooth tigers and catching the
plague and running from Genghis Khan
just for my stupid ass to be born I
don't owe them anything I don't owe them
a thing because I want to play video
games
these people are [ __ ] losers you
should walk through Earth with Force
inside of you if I walk as I walk into
this hotel reception
everybody looked not because they know
who I am but because as I move
even if even if it's behind their head
people feel something and they go
it's it's an energy that comes from
brutal competence it's almost like an
evolutionary thing where a rabbit can
just smell a fox it just knows that's
what happens when a predator walks in a
room even amongst humans you pay
attention next time in a restaurant if a
man who's truly dangerous walks in
nearly every other man kind of looks up
at the same time you feel it you need to
or you don't survive we've evolved with
that to live
that's who I am I couldn't imagine not
being that man I've done that because
I've been trying to prove myself to my
lineage my entire life
I wake up every day with something to
prove I have hundreds of millions of
dollars I wake up and say [ __ ] more
I'm in fantastic shape four times world
champion fighting The Matrix out here by
myself more I will have to be braver I
must try harder I all I do is prove
myself so when I hear people go I don't
have nothing to prove then you're a
[ __ ] loser peasants have never felt
like they needed to prove anything but
Kings felt like they needed to go and
Conquer land isn't that it's
coincidental that the king who already
had it all felt like he needed to go to
some far-flung land and Conquer and take
it and prove he's the king but the
peasants oh I don't have to prove
nothing nobody you're a [ __ ] loser
then you're a dummy I absolutely and
utterly completely have everything to
prove to everybody all of the time
that's who I am I will prove anything to
anybody if I sit and say x I will prove
it to anyone I can be checked anytime
someone would have come up to me in that
in that Lobby and argue with my ideas I
would have proved that my ideas are
sound if they would have attacked me I
would have destroyed them completely and
absolutely that's who I am so yes I have
a lot to prove my friend until the day I
die it will remain I feel like that's
the last thing they'll take before a
full-on [ __ ] War if you don't pay
your taxes so you owned your house if
you don't wear a mask when they tell you
to and you get a fine for not wearing a
mask and you think that's Injustice and
you don't pay the fine and they add
money to the fine then it goes to court
you're supposed to turn off you don't
listen to bailiff you tell the bailiff
you're [ __ ] they will take your house
so if you don't wear a mask they take
your house so do you own it if you want
to ensure you're decentralized Freedom
money is the tool you need so if you'd
like to start and scale an independent
business make manage and multiply money
build assets that produce recurring
income both physical and digital
decentralized from the system join rob.t
there's no ongoing contract and there's
content going back years and the link is
in the description you've said a few
times a loser what's the definition of a
loser
I think the universe is absolutely and
utterly giving
I've never seen anybody dedicate
themselves to something completely and
fail
I've never seen somebody eat right go to
the gym every day train really hard and
not be in good shape I've literally
never seen it the universe is extremely
giving if you actually try and you
actually want it and you're actually not
making excuses lying talking [ __ ] you're
gonna get what you want
so when I see people who don't have what
they want I consider them losers and
this might be elitist I understand that
but if I put myself through endless pain
to end up where I am it's very hard for
me to have sympathy on the man who's
afraid of pain
you're avoiding pain I've been through
endless I now have everything I've ever
desired you have none of the things you
desire
am I supposed to feel sorry for you
because you took the easy way out am I
supposed to look at you and go oh poor
dude no you were a [ __ ] coward you
didn't go through the [ __ ] I went
through you didn't put it on the line so
you deserve your substandard reality
that's what you deserve you're a [ __ ]
loser because if you actually wanted it
and you actually tried you'd have it
you could have anything you want
universe is super giving you want a
[ __ ] Ferrari you can have it you want
that [ __ ] you can have her you can have
anything you want on the planet there's
not a girl I look at that I want that I
can't have not one that's my reality
there's not a car I can't have it's not
a house I can't buy if I want to go to a
yacht I want to go to Antarctica if I
want there's nothing I can't have bam
I've decided to become this man it's the
same for absolutely in every single one
of you at home if you want it you can
have it
if you if you're sitting there saying oh
but I tried my best and I still didn't
get it you're lying you didn't try your
best that is a [ __ ] lie the universe
gives it to everybody who genuinely
tries and I know that to be a fact
because
this world's competitive we're all
competing against each other and the
majority of people don't try like I've
I've achieved this amazing life and I've
tried very very hard
but it could have been harder
I mean it's was it that hard
about 86 percent hard it wasn't 100 hard
why because the competition zero
everyone is a [ __ ] loser it's amazing
to me everyone's a loser I can say to
somebody listen
I'll make you a millionaire do this
oh yeah but you know the kids are home
from school now
that's it they're done and then they'll
sit and go hard really wish I had some
money you are a loser I will sit here on
this podcast people will listen to me
for hours and I will say listen I have
hundreds of millions of dollars and I
will teach you how to make money
covertake.com I have a school University
design specifically to teach you how to
make money I'm clearly know how to make
money you clearly like what I say you
obviously believe I'm intelligent and
integral and I won't lie to you
and still a whole bunch of people will
sit there and go hmm
yeah anyway next video
and then they'll say afford a Ferrari
and wonder why like they'll be confused
in their minds how they didn't end up
getting what they want
because you're a [ __ ] loser Lou
that's why and the majority of people
are losers and this is goes back to why
when we were saying earlier how I know
the elites view US
because I'm from a council estate in
Luton a single parent household
and I've only been Rich 10 years or so
and I despise losers so imagine you're a
billionaire born into a family a lineage
which is controlled Earth for hundreds
of years imagine how much they despise
us do you think they give a [ __ ] about
putting a bullet in me you think they're
gonna have any sleep at night missed you
think they give a solitary [ __ ] about
you missing your [ __ ] parents funeral
because of the common cold they don't
give a solitary [ __ ] why would they
because I already know how I feel when I
listen to losers complain because this
is what happens at a certain level of
competence and power you just get to a
point where you're like I'm tired of
hearing your [ __ ] excuses that's
[ __ ]
and you become to a degree yeah cold and
Psychopathic it's true that's what
happens and I get it all the time
I get thousands of emails a day everyone
I grew up with people I know I get it
all the time they'll message me hey man
you know just I'm lucky you are not
unlucky you are a lazy [ __ ] loser
that's that's you're not unlucky
you're breathing you're lucky the
Unlucky ones are gone
you're alive and you are a lazy loser so
a loser is anybody who does not have
everything they want at the drop of a
hat that's who I call a loser because I
have absolutely everything I could ever
possibly desire and if I wanted
something that I couldn't have
I guarantee you we could speak again in
a few months and I [ __ ] have it I
guarantee you because if I want
something and I can't have it I can't
sleep
when I was broke I couldn't sleep I
don't know how those broke people out
here sleeping just fine at night going
oh you know inflation's 20 gas prices
are six times everything on the news is
a lie I never stand a chance of ever
getting rich where's my pillow like what
the [ __ ] what the [ __ ] is wrong with you
people I I go to bed at night as a
teenager and think
I looked it up on the internet
it was a Honda Civic Type R I wanted one
it was like 38 000 pounds so I had no
money I had less than 50 pounds my bank
account couldn't afford it that looked
up how much a Ferrari cost 210 000
pounds and I said to Tristan my cup
brother I was like there are people with
210 000 pounds for a car
and he was like yes so I'm like no no
not so how
if I worked my job for six years and
saved every penny if I walked to work
and didn't eat I couldn't buy this car
how are people doing this I couldn't
sleep at night when I was broke I knew
that everything was a lie I knew the
Matrix was lying to me I knew I had to
find a way out I was sitting there going
I refuse to live my human years and be
some second-class citizen peasant when
there's people out here get to do
whatever the [ __ ] they want I couldn't
tolerate it and I was so uncomfortable
that it gave me the motivation I needed
to escape but the people who go oh yeah
nice Ferrari yeah
back to the TV dummies losers
and the thing about the world is
we need losers
I I'm not mad at losers if that's the
reality you've chosen to live you get
one spin in this version of life
and you decide you want to be a loser
that's fantastic because I like I mean
my cars need cleaning
you know my hotel room needs cleaning
I have a party with all these beautiful
women that's a bit of a mess please go
pick it up somebody needs to do that
[ __ ] I ain't gonna [ __ ] do it
if I had to walk into a hotel room and
clean up after some other man's party I
guarantee you I do whatever I [ __ ]
took to become rich so I didn't have to
do that [ __ ] anymore but you want to do
that for 20 years
thanks friend
someone's gonna flip the [ __ ] Burgers
someone has to make the fries I want a
Happy Meal now and again but I don't
feel sorry for you people because you
[ __ ] deserve it because it's a
decision you made you made that decision
if you're sitting at home and you say I
don't want to be a loser
you know what to do I told you I'd
escape the matrix Cobra tape.com you can
join I'll teach you but if you're gonna
sit there and go nah maybe this guy with
hundreds of millions of dollars is
trying to scam me out at 25 pounds all
right smart ass have fun at McDonald's
get [ __ ] I have no sympathy for these
people zero
do you have a little bit of a system you
can share on how to make money I know
we've got covertake.com we'll keep
shouting it out but any tips for someone
who's ready yep but they don't yet know
the how completely so we teach it inside
of the real world of course I keep
mentioning it because it's so important
but
there are three keys I believe to making
money
the word of the day first one is
perspicacity
most people go through life and they do
not pay attention
I've said this before and I want to
stick by it because it's so important
you need to pay attention
to every single time you spend money
because you cannot make money
you're not the Federal Reserve you're
not a government governments make money
all of us take money
from somebody else or business or
government we take money from other
things
so the easiest way to learn how to get
good at taking money is to pay attention
to every time someone takes money from
you
so next time you buy coffee
don't just buy the coffee and drink it
and think nothing of it like every
Brokey don't do that say okay I why am I
buying this coffee okay I want a coffee
all right why am I why am I buying here
well this is on my way to work is there
any competition around do I also want
breakfast do they sell breakfast no they
don't sell breakfast they could probably
make some more money they're selling
breakfast anyway I walk in there's a
long line why is there one member of
Staff I'm low on time I'm about to leave
and not buy the coffee they're about to
lose money because it's taking too long
most of people in this line are
businessmen why isn't all a cute girl
behind the camera I bet if they paid a
cute girl a little bit more they'd still
make a bunch more money because people
come in here to talk to her
think and then what you'll do is as you
go through life every time you spend
money is you'll realize the problem is
not how to make money the problem is how
much time you have because there's
endless business ideas there's endless
ideas I walk into a coffee shop and by
the time I've walked out I already know
exactly how to open up next door and out
compete them head to toe I already have
worked out how much is the rent where
are they [ __ ] up what are they not
selling they should be selling what
they're doing good what are they doing
bad this chair is too hard I'll wreck
them and I'll send it and now my network
is so powerful which is the second Point
Network I can send a few messages on
Whatsapp make a bank transfer
two months later there's a brand new
coffee shop next door with my name on it
put them out put my business
so the first thing is you have to pay
attention because if you pay attention
you'll start to learn that money is
everywhere every building is owned
these are skyscrapers for a billion
billion billion billions every apartment
nowadays is a million million million
you drive down a street in London you're
driving past trillions of dollars
there's money everywhere it's all around
us when I was broke I thought that the
world was broke I thought that there was
no money and then I got rich and
realized that I was completely utterly
wrong there's so much money it's
everywhere if I go to try and buy a
plane or a jet they're always sold out
my yard is this [ __ ] six year waiting
list I want a Bugatti they launch it the
email comes to my email address two
minutes later gone like there's so much
money if I want a diamond watch or a
million dollar watch or a million dollar
rocks you can't get this stuff there is
so much money out there once you get to
a certain Echelon you realize there's
money [ __ ] everywhere
so there's plenty of money in the world
people with no money are just not very
good at taking it so you need to start
paying attention first thing second
thing is Network
it's hard to make money if you don't
know anybody who has money
if you sit in a room full of ice cream
experts and all they talk about is ice
cream
how to make ice cream the different
flavors how to store it how to move it
how to sell it
even by accident if you hang around
these people long enough when someone
asks you a question about ice cream
that's what you're gonna you're gonna
know the answer you're gonna say you
know what that's because it's pistachio
and that needs to be two degrees higher
than chocolate and you look a smart ass
so if you sit in a room full of people
who are making a bunch of money
everyone understands this your network
is your net worth you're the sum of The
Five People You spend the most time with
everybody understands this and then they
still hang around with [ __ ] losers
because they're dummies you're right I
am the sum of the five people spend the
most time with anyway this is my friend
Nick he's so funny when we go drinking
because he gets really drunk
losers
I don't talk to anybody who is not
winning
everybody whose phone every phone call I
will answer if I answer a phone call is
from a winner I don't talk to losers
everyone I talk to is Rich everyone I
talk to is making money everybody if my
entire reality is full of
multi-millionaires making money how am I
not going to make money
and this is why network is so important
is because it's the same reason that
wolves hunt in packs if you're a lone
animal you have one set of eyes but if
you're a pack you're watching every
single angle every single side perhaps I
might miss something I'm as
perspicacious as possible but one of my
friends identifies that the war in
Ukraine is going to change and the
Russian Ruble is going to pump you can
make a bunch of money on a Forex tree
for example
I may or not noticed but he'll notice
now I've made a bunch of million dollars
to get a text message right because I
have friends who are paying attention
all of us are paying attention so your
network is super important that's
another thing
we'll go into this
because I have something called the War
Room which is also on corporate.com I'll
let people read for themselves but
that's my private Network
we specifically talk about money
and and a few other things but that's
more like a mastermind it's it's the
real world's how to make money and the
war rooms what to do with money if that
makes sense yeah it's all on
corporate.com I don't want to get off
track but it's there but second is
Network
and third is to identify the reason why
you don't have as much money as you want
so far and there's one of three reasons
you are either lazy stupid or arrogant
there's only three reasons anyone is
poor
and you have to identify and choose
which one it is
the majority of people are not the one
they think they are the majority of
people are the one I'm about to say at
the end so let's start with lazy there
are a lot of lazy people
the unfortunate reality about money is
that you are competing
so it's player versus player it's like
anything in the world if you want that
beautiful girl so does everyone else you
have to win the competition you want
that car you have to get it first you
want that money everyone wants that
money you have to compete it's
competitive business is competitive
you are competing against people like me
you're competing against people like the
people in my network you're competing
about people who only talk about money
who understand money very well who
operate in jurisdictions all around the
planet who are extremely well connected
who know things before you know them who
have mass influence and mass power and
mass resource you're competing against
me
this is what you must understand you're
not waking up going I want to make some
money you're competing against people
like me you're competing against
billionaires you're competing against
hedge funds how do these hedge funds
keep growing where are they getting that
money from from the brokies
they're robbing you they're robbing all
the poor people from the pension fund
dummy that's where they get it from
this is who you're competing against so
the competition is absolutely and
utterly fierce
understanding that understanding that
you're a man with a small pistol up
against a mighty Army
if you want to add a little bit of
laziness on top you're [ __ ] so when I
say people are lazy they go I'm not lazy
I work hard every day you work eight
hours a day
okay
if I'm awake I'm working
I'll be driving my Bugatti Chiron
through Dubai
working I'm texting at the same [ __ ]
time I don't take a second off I don't
take a minute off I don't relax I don't
rest I don't stop I don't chill none
ever I'm either asleep or at work that's
it
second I wake up I check my phone I
begin working I go to the gym in between
sets I am working I'm online working the
entire [ __ ] day until the second I go
to sleep I am at work that is all I do
and you are at home competing against me
and you want to watch a movie tonight
and then say you're not lazy you're
[ __ ] lazy and you're gonna lose
forever
that's laziness next is stupid
I don't think
many people are actually too stupid to
be rich
you can be below average IQ and still
get very rich
very a very small percentage of people
are too dumb to be rich the slave Minds
they'll never be rich because the Matrix
tries to keep you poor because when
you're poor you can't think like we
talked about earlier so everything the
media tells you is designed to make you
poor they want you broke and struggling
because if you rely on the government
for food stamps and you can't argue with
the government can you so that's what
they want so anyone who believes in The
Matrix and believes in medium believes
in the lies they're told in order to sit
there and goes that's true that it's
literally designed to make you broke
that's why it's all a scam do gcses do
your A Levels get in debt go to UNI get
out get a [ __ ] job get a mortgage don't
worry when you've paid that mortgage off
when you're 61 then you'll have enough
money to go to Spain for holiday
then your pension comes oh government
doesn't have potential money anymore
funny enough hedge fund stole it pay
half your money in your life in tax oops
and then you wake up one day and go whoa
I just got [ __ ] so the whole scam the
whole story is a lie because they want
you broke they don't want you rich if
you're rich you won't listen to them so
all of it's a [ __ ] lie and
intrinsically we all know this right if
I when I pull up in one of my dirty cars
to a gas station and people look at me
and they see a Lambo or Ferrari or a
Bugatti or kernan's egg whatever I'm
driving nobody goes wow he went to
school
no they think drug dealer gangster
they're thinking they're thinking he
broke the rules because anyone who
follows the rules doesn't get [ __ ] it's
all a scam it's all a [ __ ] lie
so
the slave minds are [ __ ] but those are
the only ones who are too stupid to make
money anybody who understands that the
Matrix is lying to them is smart enough
so very few very small percent are too
stupid inside of our school
at the height of it before the Matrix
attack were relaunching now we had 175
000 students wow we had 175 000 students
maybe 2 000 we kicked out for being too
stupid
it's step by step do this do that do
this and don't be lazy
[ __ ] it's not that hard right so stupid
is not the problem so we have people who
are lazy very few are stupid but the
majority the main reason most people are
broke is because they are arrogant
I will sit here and say all the things
I've said
I will do this take time out my life for
free somebody at home will watch and
digest it for free they will agree with
the things that are being said or at
least be entertained enough to continue
to watch
and then I'll say
I'll teach you how to make money online
covertake.com you can join the real
world and they'll sit there and go yeah
I'll do it myself
they're arrogant they have these egos
from [ __ ] knows where because they
didn't earn it
and they're just too arrogant to listen
to anybody I became World Champion by
listening to my coach I didn't become a
world champion by walking in and saying
I'll do it myself
I don't know how you get anywhere in
life you have to listen if if Mike Tyson
were to walk in or if Elon Musk were to
walk in here and talk to me about money
I wouldn't be sitting there going I
could do that I'd be like Oh Mr Elon
richest man in the world hello very nice
to meet you please
even though I already understand I don't
want to launch a car brand or put
rockets in space please you must know
some things I don't know how do you deal
with the currency fluctuations does it
does does inflation impact how much it
costs for you to send a rocket into
space like I'll ask him something that's
useful right
but some people some people are so
brutally arrogant that they'll sit here
and they'll listen to all the things I
said and they'll agree that I'm
intelligent they'll agree I'm actually
successful but they'll sit there and go
yeah but you know what
I'll do it myself I don't want to join
that school because you know I'll just
do I'll do it myself they're arrogant
everybody's [ __ ] arrogant I sit with
people who I used to go to school with
from Luton who are still broke
and tell them how to make money and you
know what they do they answer back
yeah but you know it's not that simple
because you know the wife gets the kid
you know what and I I don't like to do
things that way the way I like to work
the way you like to work is while you're
[ __ ] broke
so what the [ __ ] you talking about and
you just sat here and wasted 10 minutes
of my time I told you how to take your
business of Painting and Decorating or
whatever the [ __ ] you're doing I'd make
a serious amount of money and now you're
telling me the way you like to work then
stay [ __ ] broke
the [ __ ] you want me to do what level of
arrogance but this is people they'll sit
with a multi-millionaire and tell you
their view I think that know when you're
out qualified and accept it and learn so
we all do I'm not going to get I can't
play piano for [ __ ] the piano teacher
walked in here and said this is what you
do and I said well I like to move my
hands this way
what kind of dumbass
but this is the this is the arrogance
people operate under
so I'd say
20 of people are lazy 20 to 25 a large
portion of the world are not lazy
they're actually working exceptionally
hard but they're doing the wrong thing
five percent of people are too stupid
so say 25 5 is 30 but 70 of people are
brutally arrogant and this is why they
are poor
that's the truth
and how did you make your first million
good question I've talked about this
already
it was an unorthodox strategy
I've talked about it at length so I
won't give the whole story because it's
too long but I identified a gap
I identified a market I approached the
scenario in the situation extremely
professionally
and I worked exceptionally hard
and I remember first million dollars so
I what my first Millions came from
owning a webcam Studio
so I saw a little advertisement in the
corner of a web page saying talk to live
girls now
I've never been a porn guy I'm not
interested in that [ __ ] but I was like
that's interesting I know some girls who
need some money boom boom boom I put
together this apparatus extremely
professional no [ __ ] sexual
misconduct no Dan Bilzerian no
threesomes nothing very professionalism
very professional outfit
and I used all my business knowledge and
all my life knowledge and I applied it
I worked 22 hour days I would say
I got to the point where I was so tired
so tired but I said you know what give
me 20 minutes and if the alarm if I
could hear the alarm go off I'd get up
sometimes I just slept clean through it
and I slept an hour or two
for months and months and months and I
built an Empire I built an insanely
large empire at one point I'm completely
out of that business now but
how did I go as in did you sell it uh I
didn't sell it I just closed it all down
I moved on I started making a bunch of
money and I found other opportunities
but how did I get that opportunity
perspicacy first thing I said pay
attention I paid attention I looked at
the girl I'll give you the coffee shop
example this is what I did I clicked on
that advert I saw the girl sitting there
miserable
waiting for a customer I thought nobody
was going to buy from an unhappy [ __ ]
you need these men are the men who are
paying her are trying to escape an
unhappy life or they would be doing this
[ __ ] so
when I got my girls online smile happy
girls get paid that was a token that was
a slogan happy girls get rich
joking who's he gonna pay you're gonna
pay the girls like yeah yeah having a
having a blast
so I paid attention to the competition I
saw an opportunity just at the coffee
shop so all the things they did wrong
the room was messy camera quality was
[ __ ] there's the basic stuff the way the
girl acted and interacted
all that stuff and I applied it all by
paying attention countless hours
watching everybody else finding the way
to do it better just like with the
coffee shop and I did it better
so I was absolutely not really
perspicacious and that's that's how you
make money and I did it with that but I
could have done it with anything and now
I do it with everything the story of me
sending a text message via my network
and having a coffee shop is a true story
I have never
I don't think I've even
I've been in there maybe twice
how can we go
and and I have mechanisms in place to
make sure I'm not robbed too badly
because unfortunately a little bit cash
goes missing but everything's in in
place and it makes me money
I don't think I've even drunk my own
coffee
I identified I put together a list it
needs to be like this like this like
this like this like this I have
competent people who work for me which
is very hard to find but I do they
understand to follow the doctrine to the
doctrine
and I'm getting money into a bank
account that's it and you can do that
with literally anything if you have a
strong Network and you pay attention you
do anything
even podcasts
we're doing a podcast right now you guys
are already big and successful at this
I'm telling you can look at the biggest
podcast in the world and still see what
they're doing right what they're doing
wrong it's just a game that's the game
and then you have to outcompete
everybody else
myself and what's your net worth now
you know what's it's kind of funny
because there's that PSY that's the
shittest question so far no no it's it's
uh
I don't actually really know because
they say if you don't know what you've
got they say if you know what you've got
you ain't got much and it's so [ __ ]
true I don't know how much that coffee
shop is worth
I know what it makes me roughly a month
I don't know why I could sell it for I
can guess now like if I would put a six
times multiplier on it
you know I could guess but then what am
I doing for every property how much are
all my properties worth [ __ ] notes
different than when I bought them so the
price has gone up down I don't even
check don't know so how much will the
property works I can guess how much the
business is worth I could guess how much
is my brand worth if I put my name to
something it sells I've been offered 50
60 70 million dollars to sell junk to
Children which I wouldn't do because I
have too much morals how much is my
brand worth I'm the most Googled man on
the [ __ ] planet gold knows like I I
couldn't guess
I would guess that because there's
different metrics of measuring the value
of say a business sometimes they'll put
a three times multiplier on it sometimes
about eight times multiplier on it let's
put it this way Hustler's University 175
000 students
was doing about 13 million dollars a
month profit
that's an online educational Company
online is the future education is the
future it was seamless fantastic out
competed Oxford Cambridge everybody it
was the best school on the planet not
just because we had 175 000 students
because we retained 175 000 students
that's the key 175 000 people were
making more money than they invested
each month
there's no other platform on the planet
that can do that we had no competition
there was no other online digital
learning platform that was even one
percent as close we were the largest
online digital teaching platform on the
planet and everybody wants to make money
so everybody wants to join male female
rich country poor country that's 13
million a month that was doing
so what's that 120 130 million dollars a
year
eight times multiplier is that what
what's that worth 800 Million by itself
like depending how you want to estimate
I can sit here and say I'm worth 200
million dollars
or a billion dollars I could be a
billionaire with net worth for the
things I own things I'm in control of
depends on how you want to analyze it so
the reason I side is because I don't
have a clue how much money I'm worth I
don't know I know that if I want [ __ ] I
get it I know that the world is
effectively free now I'm at a point of
money where I never ever contemplate the
price of anything ever the whole world
the only way I can explain being
ridiculously rich is that everything is
completely free so if you want something
even one percent even if you time even
if you want something a little bit
the cost is zero percent consideration
so I have 30 cars I tried to stop at 10.
but the car the car owners know I'm
going to buy them right so they they
decide to launch a new Lambo and they
text me and go hey new Lambo
I don't even ask to see a picture I'm
just like okay because
I'm not going to notice the money going
missing so why not at least I might I
might only glance at it for three
seconds I may never even drive it I
might just go home yeah it's all right
that's worth the money to me because the
money is worth nothing so the whole
world the whole world is free if I want
coffee it's like I buy I buy and do
things like the same way a person
not even buys a coffee like a penny
sweet it's just like oh [ __ ] it all
right it doesn't it doesn't mean
anything I can't I can't explain it I
don't have a clue how much money I am
worth I don't know
that's the answer I don't know I just
know I can have whatever I want
do you have more cars or more
girlfriends
I'm a man of God you didn't hear
well God God wants us to procreate so I
guess
we're going to be two separate questions
but last time I looked at 29 cars so
you've clearly bought one more correct
and I saw someone you said you had 20
girlfriends
um so more cars on more girlfriends and
let's talk cars and girlfriends yeah
good question so yeah I have around 30
cars now I I don't sell them
because I don't need money so what's the
point in selling it do you buy ones that
you think will go up in value or just
not care don't give a [ __ ]
why would I want whatever yeah what I
want I actually buy them because I'm
curious so like the new Maserati came
out the mc20
I don't think it'll be that good a car
the reviews are actually pretty mediocre
I've never driven one so I bought one so
I drove it 10 minutes so yeah this [ __ ]
put on the drive that was it and you'll
just keep it yeah well I'm gonna do this
I want my seller for money
[ __ ] money I don't the last thing I
want I don't give a [ __ ] so I don't need
money so I'd never sell it the headache
of dealing with someone buying it off me
is not worth the 350 Grand like someone
going hey can I come check out the car
oh [ __ ] off I'm out [ __ ] get [ __ ] like
I can't be bothered even telling my
assistant to deal with it is too much
[ __ ] for 350 G's I don't give a [ __ ]
so just stay there forever until it
rusts to [ __ ] bids
so um yeah that's the main reason I have
so many cars and also the reason I have
so many cars is because there's really
nothing left to buy when I was poor I
thought when I get rich I'm gonna buy
all this stuff but then you you buy some
nice clothes you buy a couple diamond
watches or 20 whatever you buy a house
what's it about plates cups okay nice
computer nice big TV my TV's worth half
a million dollars of a half a million
dollar [ __ ] television
you buy some cars there's nothing to buy
you all you really need is a laptop when
you've got a laptop you can do anything
you need you got a laptop and a phone
and a t-shirt to wear and you're that's
your life and your Empire shortage
everything else is just dumb [ __ ] right
so there's nothing else to buy so I buy
cars because there's nothing else to buy
ask for girlfriends
I'm a man of God
I'm a good man and I'm an honest man by
the way there's no judgment coming from
this chair on this question I appreciate
that I appreciate that
I think that uh love is a beautiful
thing and I think that men and women are
designed to be together
and I think that the world is a more
interesting place when you see
in fact I'll change that answer I think
that the happiest man on Earth you can
find has a good relationship and the
happiest woman on Earth you can find has
a good relationship I think we're social
animals and I think that a good
relationship is such an integral part to
our spiritual well-being
and I am very fortunate that I have many
concurrent very good relationships with
women who are extremely understanding
and kind and loving and nice to me and
they understand my value and they treat
me with utmost respect and it's
certainly a fantastic thing because I
think that women are in their own way
very powerful
in the complete different way that men
are powerful and this is what when I got
attacked for being misogynistic people
didn't understand I'm not insulting
women I'm saying that we are different
and I may physically and financially
and intellectually
take control and protect my women but
certainly they will spiritually protect
me
I know that of a woman truly loves you
that's a powerful force
I've had days where three different
girls I woke up to three different girls
texting me be careful I had a bad dream
last night and something bad happened
that day that's happened to me I know
that if I get very sick or I'm in
hospital
I'll want my woman there more than I
want you're a woman or you're 20 women
well you're what a female more than
you'll want your boys yeah they have a
healing energy
and there's times where they're
absolutely not really extremely powerful
forces so yes if you're a man who wants
to have a complete life you want to be
successful and competent in all Realms
you need to also make sure that your
relationship takes that box or however
many you feel you need to be satisfied
so how many girlfriends you go
you don't let me get away with the
politics
I I have a very good life and a very
good relationship with
with uh many Fantastic females and also
I know some great I I have I have a good
life that's the only answer I could say
I don't want to give numbers and the
reason the reason I won't I'll tell you
the reason I won't okay
there's large contingents of feral
Psychopaths aiming to destroy me
so I don't like to give away too much
information about certain things that's
the only reason why like I could sit
here and say one I could say 25 I could
say whatever well it's clearly not one
because the plurals come out a few times
Perhaps it is one and perhaps that's the
big deception
this metric [ __ ] isn't working perhaps
the feral psychopaths are now confused
does he have one wife does he have 35
concubines I can't work it out who do we
contact to attempt to attack him because
your females are your biggest weakness
as a man of genuine competence your
biggest weakness is your female I'll
tell you right now if I had to get a man
if I had to get him and he knew I was
after him he'd be a hard target but you
know how I'd get him
his woman every [ __ ] time she's the
one who'll post the Instagram story
she's the one who won't forget to
[ __ ] hide her phone she's the one who
you can lie to hi this is Officer uh
Deputy inspector [ __ ] uh we think
you might be in this hotel there's been
a problem we've heard this report yeah
yeah we are what's the problem yeah we
that's how to get you you're a woman she
doesn't think fast enough she doesn't
understand the true dangers of the world
your women is how they will get you and
I'm talking from experience you want
someone you look for their chick even
the police do it
guys want it yeah go to his
ex-girlfriend's house nine times out of
ten guess where he's [ __ ] hiding
some chick's house
[ __ ] lately go there
so your woman is how they get you so
when you're playing chess my father's a
chess Grandmaster
besides the king the number one piece
they can attack that will make you have
to react is your queen is a powerful
piece
so
if the government wants you they can
attack your woman if your enemies want
you they can use your woman
you can sit in a police interview they
can arrest you and your wife
you and your wife can have the same
story then they can sit with your wife
and say we went through his phone you
know he's [ __ ] this girl
and she'll go what she'll change stories
your woman's a is your number one
weakness that's how they get to you
that's how they wreck you so for me to
sit here inside this many girls that's
just telling all my enemies how to try
and attack me if I any girlfriend who's
serious of mine does not have social
media she does not exist out in the
world for anyone to find or see for a
reason because I am a target for for
very powerful people some at the
absolute highest levels of society and
some of the bottom there are groups of
men with AK-47 sitting around dingy lit
rooms thinking about killing me and I
don't want someone to go you know what
this [ __ ] always shows what restaurant
she's in because she's a dummy so let's
go let's go kidnap her ass and put her
screaming down the phone at Tate and
demand some money
that's how it goes women are a weakness
they're absolutely not only a weakness
and I am obliged to protect them
so for that reason I don't like to
answer the question and I respect that
thank you I did say you say 20 on a so
you say 20 on another video yeah but but
but you know it is crazy because what's
actually most crazy about women
is
even the women who know me intimately
and know the dangers of my life
still sometimes they'll they oh it's
just an Instagram story like how can you
pretend it's not a big deal
oh but I'm with you exactly you feel
like super safe and everything's fine
because you're with me but I know that
if there's 20 of them with machetes I
will lose I'm glad you see me as
Superman I appreciate it but I'm the one
with the burden of responsibility here
and it's it's just incredible how
the world that men live in or the world
that I live in is so violent and so
so dangerous and so calculated whereas
women because we try very hard to
protect them as we should I said earlier
I like women who have been trauma free I
like sweet innocent pure women they just
see sunshine and rainbows they think
we're just in a beautiful restaurant
they think we've just gone to Central
London to do some shopping oh life's
fine they don't have any contemplation
of the realities and if you're trying to
explain it to them they kind of sit
there and go
I get I get it but
you know it was her birthday and then no
no it doesn't matter it's her birthday
they'll kill me on her birthday they
don't give a [ __ ] I don't give a [ __ ]
about her birthday and I know the [ __ ]
do you think they give a [ __ ] like they
don't operate in that Realm
in fact there was a rapper who got
killed three weeks ago in L.A because
the girl put the [ __ ] Instagram story
for her likes she wants some likes on
her Instagram
ooh with the rapper the name of the
restaurant he's blasted so he's dead
he's in the ground and who's she [ __ ]
now someone else
it's a sad reality it's a sad reality so
women are your number one weakness as a
man if you're going to engage with
females which you need to for your
spiritual well-being you also have to
understand that there are people out
there who will use them against you like
I said if I had a genuine enemy who I
genuinely wanted to hurt
if he didn't know it he wouldn't stand a
chance but if he knew it he could do a
lot to stop me but I guarantee if you
follow the women he's [ __ ] from long
enough you'll get him every [ __ ] time
wait for her to leave the house at 2 A.M
on a Tuesday where's she going booty
call cool
done
every time
so something's really
strikes me here is you're very
articulate
and you know your power and influence
and you've been accused of being a
misogynist
and my eight-year-old daughter she's on
Tick Tock and you know she'll watch you
so are my son and you've said the word
[ __ ] four times correct so I would like
you in your own words with no loaded
agenda from me to just sort of explain
as someone who knows is influencing
people so much you know my
eight-year-old daughter who might very
well he's in Dubai can't wait to see
Andrew because they are exciting very
valid yeah very valid it's a valid
question
the reason I will speak certain ways is
to be to a degree deliberately
provocative also because there's a
humeric element
I I also called a man a [ __ ] earlier
so it's not gendered yeah I call people
names if I believe it has a numerous
effect so it's not particularly gendered
also
I certainly do not talk about women in
the way that 95 of mainstream music does
for example
so I'm certainly not the biggest enemy
or evil force on Earth so why do you get
so much [ __ ] but it's all right in a rap
video correct because of my influence
but you made a valid point like I could
have sat here and not said that word
you're completely right
I am
but to to a point
I I would hate to sit and say oh the
Matrix has attacked me to the point
where I'm going to truly censor myself
like I said there's a there's a comedic
effect to it when I do it
uh I'm very respectful of people all the
time nobody's ever said I'm anything bad
like I said no women have come forward
and accused me of anything ever
but you made a very valid point it's a
valid point I have to accept the point
it's very valid I know why I'm doing it
it's conscious but there's a there's a
humeric element and I don't want to sit
and say you know what oh The Matrix
attacked me so I better just for you
know just not be that person I'm gonna
call a guy [ __ ] yeah in my story I
might say this [ __ ] who might get me
killed
because because that's how I feel if a
girl is going to do an Instagram story
that threatens my life I'm not going to
call her an Angel that's that's the
story that's what it is when we were
talking before we went live
um you said you knew it was coming and
by the way I said we're going to do six
rounds with Andrew and we've sort of
done most of rounds one and two yeah bro
I can talk I know yeah and I'm really
enjoying this so thank you
um so
when and how did you know that they who
control the world were coming for you
and that your influence had grown too
powerful I knew because of the
orchestration of the attacks the attacks
were exceptionally well orchestrated and
there's no such thing as coincidence in
my world like I said my mental model
allows me to predict the future and if I
believed in coincidence then I would
have been surprised when I was canceled
I don't believe in coincidence because
I've learned that is never true
so every single day I get report from my
staff that analyzes all social medias
and news outlets because it's our job as
in your social media or the social media
in the world yeah
where I am what's being said about me
how many comments are positive how many
comments are negative percentages Etc I
get a report daily yeah I uh got that
report
looked pretty good look pretty easy went
to sleep woke up the next day
150 different news Publications wow with
the same version of a story I'm
misogynistic with basically the same
words slightly Rewritten in absolute
sync
is that coincidence
I can't well you don't believe in them
so it can't possibly be how can 150 from
New Zealand and Australia to Norway to
America all decide the same day to write
the same version of the same story then
three days later
35 prominent LGBT influencers did an
Instagram post with the same picture and
the same wording saying I'm dangerous to
the world
perfect sync within the same six minutes
post post post
algorithms hyping it up getting it
millions and millions of likes and Views
and comments
this is this was an orchestrated attack
so once I understood the attack was
orchestrated by someone powerful enough
to affect the world's news I understood
the chance of me not being deleted is
now zero it's a matter of time
so I wrote a comment I wrote a post
saying that there's a lot of attention
on me right now
as God Soldier I'm going to turn
negativity into positivity
every like this post gets I'm going to
donate money to Cherry
that's my post
I put that up news articles all around
the world completely ignored it even
though I pledged three million dollars
to chair in front of everybody
completely ignored all of it no only
negative news about Andrew right now
and there was orchestrating attacks one
after another boom boom boom boom to the
day I was first removed from Facebook
and Instagram was the initial ban and
from there it was Domino's effect but do
you know people now get their post
shutdown if they share a photo of you
with them yep what of course you do yeah
if you take a selfie with me and put on
Instagram they'll delete it they're
trying to they'll warn you they'll try
I've seen the warnings yeah they'll try
to unperson me they want me to disappear
from public Consciousness and this is my
exact point I am the first person
they've attempted to do this to where
they have genuinely failed I'm more
famous now than I was before the band
they have failed what happens is if you
shoot somebody with your weapon and he
doesn't die you find a new weapon this
goal goes back to what I was saying
earlier I know what they're thinking so
this is what I wanted to talk about this
because I don't know that cancer culture
exists because well it doesn't for you
and it doesn't for Joe Rogan because try
and counsel someone and actually they
just get more [ __ ] famous well Rogan
wasn't Castle because he stayed on
Spotify he was never truly deleted no
but cancer culture certainly does exist
it happens every single day to people
who are just not as big as me every
single day people are being annihilated
in real time if you want to see Council
culture I recommend you look at the last
three years of this pandemic and ask
about anybody who stood up and said this
is bollocks ask them about their social
media accounts yeah because they [ __ ]
got any
small people get wiped out daily by the
thousands but can't they just keep
talking and to who more famous to who
well how your your accounts have been
shut down you're bigger than ever
completely because I'm an exceptionally
difficult Target that's why I'm going to
end up dead most people when they lose
their social medias and their Banks
they're done they can't talk I can sit
and I have a network of thousands of
people around the world I I like I said
earlier I have a very competent Network
inside the War Room I'm massively
influential I can sit and talk on other
people's podcasts I can fly around the
world to end up at the right place at
the right time I have them all of the
youth's energy behind me if you're a
normal person saying they're making me
take an injection I don't want to take
this is [ __ ] and they delete your
Facebook who the [ __ ] you gonna talk to
we're gonna go stand on the corner and
yell at passerbys people have tried that
too that doesn't work
once they silence you you're done
thousands of people are being silenced
every day because what did I say earlier
about the Matrix they want to tell one
side of the story and they have to
delete the opposite side to create a
false version of reality that's how the
Matrix works so Council culture is super
real you just don't hear
about the people who are canceled it's
survivorship biased this is the reason
why you don't believe in Council ship
cold I'm not saying I didn't I just went
to fight it's survivorship bias so I'll
give you an example in World War II
the planes that were coming back
with bullet holes from the AAA
the
RAF said we need to put more armor where
the planes are getting hit most often
where the most bullet holes are we need
more armor makes sense right and then
some very smart person said no
the places that are getting hit so often
and the plane's still getting home are
the places it's okay to get hit
places where we never see a plane get
hit and still make it home
where there's no bullet holes is where
we need the armor because every time a
plane gets hit there they never make it
back
survivorship bias so so why we don't
know what we don't know we don't see
what we don't see correct we don't know
about the people who are canceled
because that's the point of cancellation
yeah we don't know how many thousands of
people are being rejected from speaking
and how many
Democratic voices are silenced in real
time that's the whole point of it you
know about me but you don't know about
the 10 000 already happened to by 8 pm
today it happens every single day and
that's how they keep a control in the
narrative
that's what's scary about it is that's
happening to everyone
yeah I'm just a unique individual
because I have a very powerful Network
and I've managed to circumvent it but
most people don't have my resources in
individ and and capability and like I
said that's put me in a very precarious
position do you think this raises the
question that it's very important to be
as decentralized as possible yeah but
why would the people in charge of the
world allow that
if you're in charge of the world you're
a basic your only concern you don't care
about food you're not worried about a
house like what's your only concern stay
in charge
you're in charge of the world you have
one concern in your life staying in
charge are you going to decentralize
information in power
are you gonna allow that to happen
doesn't mean you can't create it for
yourself as best you can well I'm sure
there's people out there who could try
very hard and some people are doing it
I've moved to rumble off of YouTube I've
moved to rumble.com which is a YouTube
alternative and he's an absolute hero
and he's fighting for free speech and he
doesn't censor me in any way he's a
complete hero absolutely and people are
fighting and standing up but I'm saying
that you are fighting against a very
powerful competition exceptionally
powerful competition and
it's dangerous to do and it's very
difficult to do it's hard
but yeah I love the idea of a
decentralized fair world
I'd love the idea of utopian scenarios
I'd love to live in a Utopia who
wouldn't I just don't think it's human
nature I think as long as humans exist
it's not going to be that way and I
actually think we're at the Tipping
Point where it's gonna get really out of
control because once AI takes control
which is coming then we're really [ __ ]
because the current limit on the Tyranny
they can enact on the populace is how
far the police force can be brainwashed
right if they tell kill everyone who's
got blonde hair
if the police force are brainwashed
enough they'll do it but if they're not
then the elites can't enact that law
because the police will say no but once
the police once the police sing is
either robotic or AI
then you're [ __ ] because there's no
longer any human element and that's
where it's coming and you don't have to
think about RoboCop
you have to think about AI as a whole
you have to think about your life being
controlled to the point where your bank
and your money and your social media and
your passport number and everything is
linked together to the point where the
second you say something wrong on
Facebook
there's a repercussion so whether your
passport can be used whether your Bank
is open
so you mean Central digital currencies
are all linked to this cbdc's exactly
[ __ ] scare me though yeah they do
yeah that's right cbdc's is perfect once
they have absolute control the money and
they can decide how and when and where
you can spend it and track it and track
it then you're [ __ ] yeah you're [ __ ]
so look what just happened to me I said
things they didn't like and I suffered
from travel bans my money was taken but
but with right now we're doing it a slow
old-fashioned way right you have to do
the media you have to convince the world
that this person's bad with the media
then you have to cancel them and you
have to keep using the media to lie
about them keep the narrative up then
you have to go and use terms and
conditions to get you can't do that to
everyone but once it's all automated an
AI you can certainly do it to everyone
once you you like the wrong post oh no
oh your bank doesn't work today you go
hungry today you can eat tomorrow but I
don't like that post again you like food
don't you you like to eat
that's where we're getting
anyone who sits there and think that's
not going to come is a [ __ ] dummy
that is the end result because people in
charge of the world want to stay in
charge of the world I don't blame them I
want to stay in charge of my Empire
like I said these I'm not saying these
people are bad don't kill me yet
gentlemen talking to you I'm not saying
you're necessarily any worse than anyone
else I want to stay in charge of my
Empire and they want to stay in charge
of theirs who the [ __ ] wouldn't
I get it I'm just telling you how
they're going to do it that's absolutely
ugly that's where it's coming
but you've you have
if I understand rightly I was talking
before off camera move towards some
decentralization where you've taken
control of your online payment systems
make your own bank completely talk about
that a bit completely yeah you have to
decentralize you have to try and control
things the best you possibly can so yeah
I've decentralized the real world is an
evolution of hostels University because
we control absolutely everything from
head to toe it means that we cannot be
censored or controlled or attacked in
any way
but
as much as you want to decentralize the
bottom line of Seattle of reality and
civilization Remains the Same I've
decentralized all of my my I'm even a
decentralized brand bro I'm all over the
internet I don't have an account
thousands of accounts that's that's
powerful that's right yeah I've
decentralized as much as a person can
possibly decentralized but I still bleed
and that's the bottom line of reality so
I understand that no matter how much I
decentralize yeah the bottom Line's the
same but you're not going to give up the
fight just because you can't have a
guaranteed win are you I can't give up
the fights my name's Tate
was it a plan
to get so many people on social media
posting on your behalf
if I told the secret of how I hacked
every single algorithm on the planet
it'd be worth trillions of dollars
but what I will say is that I sat with
the War Room which is my network which
there's more information on
coverticket.com I sat with extremely
competent and capable people
we were very perspicacious we analyzed
the algorithms
I I tell everyone exactly how I do it I
say this to people you know what and
this goes back to my original point
about how arrogant people are I'm going
to sit here and tell people how I became
the most Googled man on the planet and
nobody's gonna even [ __ ] drive or
even pay attention because they're
[ __ ] arrogant
I pay attention to the algorithms I
analyze the algorithms analyze what
worked and what didn't
I sat with my network we've tried to
find out a way we can hack it or exploit
it we made a six-month plan
and in six months I became the most
Googled around the planet that's what I
did
that's it I paid attention
went to my network worked hard
the end that's all I did and I'll say
this people go yeah anyway back to TV
dummies hmm
that's how I did it yeah there's nothing
else I mean yeah I can't tell you what I
learned in my findings because that's
worth trillions of dollars I can't tell
you what I found out I can't tell you
exactly how my network exploited what we
found out I'm not going to tell you that
because that's literally worth trillions
of dollars and I'm still using parts of
it not all of it because we've ramped
down specifically and purposely
we're now operating at about 15 to 20
Effectiveness if I wanted to be the only
face on Tick Tock and the only face on
Instagram reels on a platform I'm banned
on
I could do it in a week
I could still do it so why don't you do
it the time is coming my friend
patience you know it's like
you have a girlfriend sometimes you do
it right sometimes you just want to go
to sleep not tonight baby you do all the
time it loses its magic
so the time is coming um
but I can't tell people how I do it but
I will tell people that I paid attention
and I worked with very competent people
people who are inside of my organization
and we're the hardest working people on
the planet they're all like me they're
awake they work this is who we are this
is what we do
so round three is a bit more
light-hearted it's um would you fight
would I fight you yeah well that's
what's coming before I've got five
people I want to ask you about before we
do what do you think of the um plethora
the growth of all these YouTubers who
are now getting into celebrity fighting
KSI Jake Paul Logan Paul what do you
think of this movement I think it's a
really good thing I think it's the
old-fashioned way a straightener you
know instead of making stupid YouTube
videos at each other all day long
insulting each other back and forth like
like girls they're saying meet me on
this day and time and fight I respect
that that's how I was raised that was my
career anyone I had a problem with I
fought and the better man walked out as
a winner I think it's the best thing
that could possibly happen for society
good hope it keeps happening hope every
time YouTubers disagree they fight good
good it's better than making YouTube
videos at each other back and forth like
[ __ ] girls
and anyone who's made a YouTube video
about me like true Geordie is one he's a
fat [ __ ] I need to get destroyed by me
but he's scared there's some guy called
Hassan which is some he's a strange guy
wears dresses I'm not sure why he
decides to dress he dresses like a girl
all the time and his long hair he's
weird
I'd love to whoop his ass but these
people are afraid to see me in a cage
right because they know I'd absolutely
destroy so you would go and have a fight
with them completely because I know I'd
win and you deserve it but that's why
they'll never do it right they'll just
do YouTube videos about about me but
they'll never actually meet me in Fair
competition which which invalidates
their entire opinion yeah right so if
someone goes I disagree with Andrew but
I'm scared to ever see Andrew well then
who gives a [ __ ] what you think you're
all [ __ ] so they're all cowards all of
my enemies are cowards so yeah but I
think it's a great thing if if people
who disagree with me had to meet me in
the cage there'd be a lot less stupid
videos on the internet but can't we
disagree without fighting what's the
bottom line of society
but it doesn't always get to the bottom
line but it doesn't because of the
threat of the bottom line
if I just if I had a fight every time I
disagreed with someone [ __ ] can I be
fighting all day every day no but I'm
saying the reason that you the reason
that there isn't a fight every time and
I'm not saying we should live in a
complete savagery but I'm saying it is
the bottom line of differing opinions
right the reason War eventually happens
is two governments disagree to the point
where discourse breaks down we tried
this course of course we do but the only
reason discourse is even respected in
the first place the only reason you'll
even have uh delegation from another
country and entertain them is because
you understand that that country as an
army if that country had no Army at all
when their delegation came you'd say get
[ __ ] and just ignore them completely
it is the bottom line is the
underpinning of possible violence that
makes you try and avoid the violence
it's the underpinning of society so if
I've had cordial conversations with
idiot idiots on the internet which are
so stupid and dense that they cannot
possibly understand how inferior they
are to me and we've now reached the
bottom line what's the bottom line so
how come you've never had any of these
fights because they won't fight me
because they are cowards I that's that's
it so it's my point so I agree with you
you've had discussions that didn't end
violence as have I of course
but whether you realized it or not those
underpinnings have always been there and
people and humans intrinsically know
this and I'll tell you why
because men
if you disagree normal men day to day
you will have an argument
differently with a seven foot tall man
than you would a five foot tall man
whether you notice it whether it's
subconscious or not you will talk to him
differently you will explain your
opinions differently and your body
language will be different because you
understand if you disagree too much
what's going to happen that's the
reality I've seen it myself I know how
people argue with me because they know
I'm so capable very no one shouts in my
face funny that I wonder why
that's how the world works so these
YouTubers
um do you think they've really disrupted
how fights are promoted and boxing and
UFC do you think they've been good or
bad because
boxing and UFC is sort of not really
embraced them fully good question I
don't think they can affect the UFC I
think the UFC is the Premier fighting
organization on the planet I think Dana
White is a genius I think that they are
completely and hardly insulated from any
of this garbage especially the fact that
the YouTubers are boxing and not
necessarily fighting in the cage I think
that it's been very good for boxing
because I think boxing was dead boxing
was a corpse but it was like an alive
corpse it was like Broadway no one
really cares but it's kind of there but
you kind of want it to stay but no one
really cares yeah it was kind of how it
was there's a few big Superstar names
but in general nobody gives a [ __ ] about
boxing anymore everyone cares about MMA
all the children are going to MMA
everyone's moving over UFC now owns the
fight World
um and boxing needs interest and I think
that the YouTubers are bringing interest
to the sport so I think it's a fantastic
thing
so would you fight Jake Paul
good question that was in conversations
at some point I think Jake Paul is a man
who is very dedicated to his craft he's
not just a YouTuber Jake Paul is a boxer
he spends his life training he has a lot
of money a lot of time a lot of resource
the idea that he's just a YouTuber is
foolish KSI is just a YouTuber Jake Paul
is a boxer and he is certainly the best
of all the influencers who are currently
fighting today hands down would I fight
him well there's not a man on earth I
wouldn't fight it just depends on the
scenario depends on the situation
for me to fight Jake Paul it wouldn't be
for money because I don't need money it
wouldn't be for influence because I'm
more famous than him
it would be either a personal beef or me
deciding that it was good for me and my
brand it would be a decision I would
make very consciously but I couldn't be
bought into it I couldn't be
I couldn't say hey you'll be famous I'm
not famous on the planet I don't care
right but certainly he'd be the only
challenge of any of them he wouldn't be
easy to be I would knock him asleep of
course but it would take more than one
round
but the rest of them are all just just
clowns but Jake Paul is a different
needs a different lead to the rest so
would you fight KSI then if the rest are
clowns absolutely I I guess I said my
name at the end of his last fight I said
yes then he came out and said I'm too
big all of a sudden [ __ ] himself
so he's a clown and if Jake were to
fight any of them clowns Jake would
destroy all of them Jake is a box of
arrester clowns sure I'd fight KSI but
like I said I need a genuine reason to
do so I don't need money I'm I'm so much
I am so many times richer than these
people like the infinitesimally these
guys are are they're still performing
they're still performing in a circus for
for pennies whether it's boxing or
anything else and I did it myself but
you get to a certain level of wealth
where you realize I'm beyond it I'm
above it and Beyond it but if I if JSI
genuinely upset me
then sure I have a straightener with his
ass why not would you fight Floyd
Mayweather no and I got offered that
fight huh got offered that fight
and he's one of my heroes so I couldn't
bring myself to do it even though he's
small
and it's I mean he's good my name is
James Floyd Mayweather he's retired and
he's small and I'm a lot bigger than him
and I'd be fine
I wouldn't get knocked out it'd be
totally fine he's one of my heroes yeah
I think he's the best boxer of all time
and I couldn't bring myself he's been on
the show twice is he yeah oh he
absolutely he's a hero of mine I love I
love his story I love his confidence I
love how he self-hypnotizes every single
word out of his mouth is self-hypnosis I
love how he hypnotizes his opponents I
love his style everyone says he's boring
he is not boring he is if you appreciate
defense he's the best he's ever been I
absolutely not really love Floyd
Mayweather so I couldn't bring myself to
ever throw a punch I have very few
heroes in the world and he's one of them
would you fight Mike Tyson
again no because he's now old and I I
would be an absolutely tragic shame
to knock out an old version of his Prime
Self that doesn't feel fair you know
Prime Tyson would have ripped me apart
in a boxing match I'm not a boxer right
yeah perhaps if I was a boxer and I was
heavier maybe I can make a bunch of
Stories the truth is I'm a kickboxer and
it's his rule set and he was Mike Tyson
he would have beaten me so to beat him
when he's past his prime just feels
dishonorable and I'd feel dirty for
doing that so there's no amount of money
on the planet that could convince me to
fight Mike Tyson would you fight Conor
McGregor
that's an interesting one I guess I mean
he's still in his prime
I'm a lot bigger than him
he's very good he's very capable we'd
certainly have a lot of good Trash Talk
he'd make a lot of money
but again I would need a personal
problem with him to fight him the people
I want to fight are true Geordie who I
don't even know who that is yeah yeah so
he is the story between behind me and
true Jordan is very simple he found out
I ran a webcam company when I was given
my insights on male female Dynamics
saying that I know these things because
I have 75 women who work for me and I
also have 75 women who work for me who
are being paid by men so I see the
interaction between the man and the
webcam girl I get to hear about the
react interaction between the man and
his wife who he doesn't [ __ ] and then
there's interaction between me and my
webcam girls so it's like a hierarchy of
every single level so I understand all
of it so when I was saying this he did a
takedown video on me saying that I'm I
only know [ __ ] and every girl who
works for me is a [ __ ] and that uh I'm
I'm uh pimp and all this crazy [ __ ] and
I and I did a reply video saying listen
some of the girls who work for me are
happily married I think it's very unfair
to judge 75 people you've never met and
call them all [ __ ] and Slots
especially to sit there he's a bit fat
to sit there like aggressively screaming
at camera these girls are [ __ ] you
don't even know them he seemed very
angry
and my brother said he's way too angry
at these girls why does he hate these
webcam girls so bad
turns out
a few months later some messages leaked
between him and a webcam girl that's
where his hatred came from and the
messages are him begging to be dominated
he wanted to dildo up his ass he want
her to cheat on him he wanted to worship
her all these crazy [ __ ] and it's all
there with his name on it so then I did
another video saying awesome it's
obviously clear why you had a problem
with the girls who worked for me because
you're begging them to dildo you and
they're saying you know it costs this
much and I guess you want it for free I
don't know he had a deep hatred for
women
and I identified that
um he obviously shut up after that a
little bit he went away he came back
then he said my name a few times and I
said listen my friend we've had our
conversations you've insulted all the
girls who worked for me who were very
nice girls he made some full-grown women
cry I had to Recon I had to Recon I'd
console them and say listen don't listen
to this guy like he made full grown
women break down and cry he's a bad
person
he turns out to be a sexual deviant who
was mocked on the internet for a very
long time and some people may have
forgotten but I certainly haven't our
conversations are pretty much over
what's the bottom line
so the only way he can restore honor
after begging for a dildo up his ass is
to meet me in the cage and beat me
because then he gets to sad beat up
entertain and he can stop being a dildo
lover but if he refuses to do that then
he can stay a dildo lover for the rest
of his [ __ ] human years and just hide
from me but if he wants to fight me I
will meet him in the cage any day of the
[ __ ] week bare knuckle twice on a
Sunday and then he can go from Adela
lover to a dildo lover with a broken
face because I will [ __ ] annihilate
him and he knows it which is why he
won't do it
along with my other detractors along
with the other weirdos because everyone
who dislikes me seems to be weird really
strange everyone who's ever made a
takedown video of me on a long enough
time frame ends up being a sexual
deviant a pedophile they're all weirdos
nobody who supports me has ever come out
with some weird [ __ ] everybody who hates
me sooner or later there's something
weird about them because I think they
hate themselves and they see me as
someone they wish they were as they're
idle but they can't admit that so their
idolization gets warped into a strange
form of hate and that's what happens
the other one's Hassan he's some guy who
lives in
California
he's really strange he has this
obsession with female drivers and how
they're so good at driving it's weird
guy to talk to all he talks about is how
girls drive better than him it's weird
where's dresses
drinks loads of Mountain Dew
really weird guy like the girls he was
dating they were telling me hey George
Mountain Dew all the time he's very
unhealthy strange dude
and me and him have had our
conversations and he's scared to debate
with me we debated once and he lost and
he's scared to debate with me so our
conversation is basically over I said
look I'll be shy
but he's scared so I win by default
it's kind of cool to win by default it's
kind of like you turn up to the match
and like you or flip a coin halfway up
in the air they're like oh you already
win the people are these people are
cowards so I went by default because no
one respects a coward so all their
points of view are invalid because of
cowards
so
yeah bottom line of society my friend so
the only people I would fight are people
who deserve to be annihilated because
I'm an extremely capable person
I'm a feared opponent in all Realms of
human endeavor
and being in a cage with me
locked inside when I have a personal
offender against you is probably one of
the worst human experiences a man can go
through I will hurt these people and
they know it
so yes those are the two I would fight
anyone else would have to come up with a
good reason I have nothing against
Connor kind of like the guy so I
it'd have to be a good reason let's put
it that way well that was a fun round
we've never done a round like that
before have we oh no we did it with Jake
Paul
yeah we did a would you fight around
with Jake Paul didn't mean that was fun
um right
um
let's move into round six but I'm going
to move up to round four cool just throw
[ __ ] up quick fire around cool so 15
seconds announcer perfect
is happiness the purpose of life no
absolutely not really not the purpose of
life is to be competent successful if
you try and base your life and your
mentality purely around how happy you
are you'll end up hedonistic and
destroyed
our entrepreneurs narcissists I think
you need to be narcissistic to a degree
to believe in yourself I've never seen
somebody who gets the top of the world
or the universe in any field who did not
have absolutely an utter belief in
themselves
what's the most expensive item you've
ever bought
besides property I bought a lot of very
very expensive property planes boats but
besides those things it will probably be
my Bugatti Chiron for 5.2 million
dollars and I also have a very expensive
watch which is close
what do you know that most people don't
I know the secrets of the universe and
how to escape the matrix and I'm trying
to make sure that most people know those
things that's why I teach at
corporate.com because the more people
that escape the more enemies the more
soldiers I have on my side against the
enemy you're good at this round
what big thing have you been wrong about
in the last 12 months that's a very good
question and I'm very self-critical and
self-analytical I actually want to give
a longer answer for this one do it good
I'm never wrong ever because all the
times I was wrong I have punished myself
severely most humans don't do that so I
can't think of anything I've been wrong
about in the last 12 months it's been
years and years and years since I got a
call wrong like I said my mental model
is designed at predicting the future
flawlessly most people are happy to be
wrong and they don't even apologize to
the world or up or punish themselves for
it perfect example and the reason I keep
using this example is because it's so
recent there are people out there who
are shouting at other people in the
supermarket to wear a mask shouting at
other humans you better wear one now
they I must have realized by now that
you're still here nobody needs a mask
everything's fine and you were psyopped
and tricked by the media they as an
honorable adult should stand up and say
I am sorry they should do a public post
on all their social media I am sorry I
believe the lies I am sorry I helped
purport the enslavement of mankind I'm
sorry I shouted at fellow members of the
human race I am sorry I was a tool of
the Matrix and its enslavement of man I
am sorry
they don't you know what's funny it
doesn't even cross their minds they're
not only they're not sorry they don't
even think about it I was so wrong to
the point that I'm running my mouth
screaming at people
and now I realized I'm wrong but oops oh
well Slava Ukraine
dummies the reason I'm never wrong is
because I punish myself for being wrong
reason people are wrong all the times
because they don't even know when
they're wrong and once they get told
they're wrong they're like oh only human
I'm allowed to make mistakes and yell at
people in the supermarket like a [ __ ]
dumb ass for no reason
that's the that's the that's the
majority of the human race I haven't
seen any apologies on Facebook from all
these people who were pro-fucking Pro
mask have you
obviously the single [ __ ] sorry for
many of the people who were totally
wrong none no wonder they're all [ __ ]
dummies dumb [ __ ] sorry I shouldn't use
that word dumb [ __ ]
all of them
and and that's why they're going to
continue to be wrong to attorney because
they don't punish themselves I punish
myself have I ever got anything wrong I
would punish myself if I was wrong about
covet on the scale that most of these
people were wrong I'd be too ashamed to
show my face to the rest of the human
time if I was sitting on podcasts
purporting the enslavement of man to the
level these people have been doing it I
would be too ashamed to walk Earth ever
again I would be apologizing profusely
for all of my waking years I would never
shut up about how sorry I was for being
[ __ ] psyomed these people do not feel
an ounce of guilt not a single ounce of
guilt because they are Godless
they believed in God they'd understand
what they have done wrong and they would
feel true moral guilt because God put
morality inside of all of us they're
Godless creatures they don't feel a
[ __ ] ounce of Shame none of them and
that's why they're always wrong if I
forget my keys if I lose my phone
somewhere around the house
and I can't find it instantly
I'll say to Tristan two minutes
okay if I don't find it in two minutes
I punish myself I'm not allowed to not
know where things are my phone is here
because when I put it down
I literally think you've put your phone
on the windows
that's how I operate I put my phone in
the windowsill I know where my car key
is exactly I know where my mic is parked
I know the way out of the building
if I go on a ferry or a boat and I go up
or down a level I know how I will get
out if the boat tips because you think
you oh it's only two levels wait till
it's upside down full of water that's
how you [ __ ] drown you don't know I
do I pay attention because I'm
perspicacious most people misplace their
phone look for it for half an hour find
it
and carry on with their life and they
wonder why they misplace it again if I
misplace my phone I'll donate a hundred
thousand dollars to Cherry or I'll fast
for a day and a half I won't eat
or I'll make sure I only have two hours
sleep that night I will punish myself so
that next time I put my phone down I
Don't Wanna Lose It
that's why everyone's [ __ ] wrong all
the time because they're dumb [ __ ]
and dumb [ __ ] are happy to just go
through life being wrong
oops and they'll never feel an ounce of
Shame they'll never punish themselves
for it they'll never learn and grow
they'll never turn from a caterpillar
into a beautiful butterfly no they'll
continue to sit there after eating up
the entire psyop being agent of the
Matrix attacking their fellow man
attacking their fellow peasants that's
the worst thing about it they're not
even attacking the elites the elites are
in a hot air balloon
and if Earth was about to explode the
elites would just float away and leave
everyone to die The Peasants who were on
their side and the peasants who aren't
on their side
The Peasants who were on their side are
attacking their fellow man you have more
in common with the man you're attacking
the supermarket for not wearing a mask
then you do the person who told you you
needed a mask in the first place I
guarantee you that my friend nope they
just participated in the entire psyop
were agents of The Matrix
and they feel no shame and guess what
they're going to do when the next style
comes
I'll bet you a hundred million dollars
what they're going to do because they
won't ever [ __ ] learn because they
don't self-analyze so that's why I can
sit here and say I haven't been wrong
about anything the last 12 months
because I am never [ __ ] wrong
because I've trained myself to not be
wrong I am also living a reality where
I'm not allowed to be wrong if I made
mistakes I would be dead that's why I
don't
I am one of my sporting Heroes I like
Cricket one of my sporting Heroes is one
of the best cricketers has ever lived
Kevin Peterson he's been on my show and
he said every time he got um out for a
low score even if it was a peach of a
ball he'd go and punish himself for a
few hours the only way to do it yeah
only way to do it there's only way to
live life and then you can just stop
making mistakes it's pretty easy to only
win if you never lose
it's it's a win by default it's a
certified way to only win it's just to
never lose yeah if you never make
mistakes and you never lose guess what
happens
oops billionaire
that was hard just didn't just don't
misplace your keys easy
back to the 15 second rule sure
what's the best advice you ever remember
receiving
that's hard because there's so many
answers about 17 answers just went
through my head
I can't possibly choose one one from
your dad
allow manipulation to find out where
your enemy wants you to go then use your
mind to break the Trap and punish the
perpetrators
and I have to I have to elaborate so I
know it's fine but the reason that's so
important is because if you don't know
where your enemy wants you to go you
might end up there on accident if you
don't allow your enemy to tell you what
they're trying to do to you you might
accidentally end up where they want you
to be so you sit there and you listen to
their [ __ ] head to toe and you say
why you don't even ask why listen to
their [ __ ] head to toe and say okay
I agree what do you want me to do and
when they tell you what they want you to
do you use your mind to break the Trap
and you punish the perpetrators because
once they've told you what they want you
to do you can make sure you never
[ __ ] do it if you never get them to
tell you that they might get you there
another way you might take the B Road
right they might say we want them to we
want to get them to do this this way he
doesn't believe it well then let's tell
this lie ah now he's doing it
so you allow manipulation
to find out where your enemy wants you
to go
and use your mind to break the Trap and
punish the perpetrators
what's the worst advice you ever
remember this evening Follow Your
Passion ball looks biggest croc of [ __ ]
if you're only going to do things you're
passionate about and do things you want
to do instead of getting up and
struggling doing things you're supposed
to do because you have a duty to Garden
to yourself you are going to be a loser
forever
would you rather have 5 million new
followers or 50 million dollars in the
hand neither doesn't mean anything to me
good question but I would say 5 million
new followers because we now live in an
attention economy and if you manage to
use those followers in the right way you
can monetize it far more than 50 million
but it also depends who you are if you
can monetize an audience if you have
anything of value if you're a dummy bear
taking money
would you rather be this the richest man
in the world or the best fighter in the
world
so best fire and skin richest man in a
not good fight I was gonna say [ __ ] but
I don't use that kind of language yeah
me neither my daughter's watching me
neither I never swear
um good question I would choose the
richest man in the world because uh
physical power is fleeting unfortunately
and the richest man in the world will
allow you to have a longer period of
enjoyment it would just last longer
what's your biggest failure
I failed to yet
free everybody I don't but you know what
I don't think I want to free everybody
because if everybody's free the world be
pretty chaotic I don't know what my
biggest failure is I don't I've never
really actually thought about that
question
I I I don't think in the Paradigm of
failure every day for me is a winning
day it's just how much I've won perhaps
I haven't won 100 perhaps I've won 62
but every day I win I don't fail ever so
it's hard for me to even answer that
question to even contemplate the idea of
failing for me is very difficult I it
just doesn't happen
what's your biggest regret
again these are paradigms and ideas that
don't exist in it's like another
language to me I can't think of regret I
don't operate in the realm of regret I
operate and cause and effect operating
the harsh realities binary decisions I
don't operate in react and regret I
don't operate in failure
I can't imagine myself regretting
something I can't imagine myself failing
I can't
right penultimate round the what do you
think of around great what do you think
of the cancellation attempt of Joe Rogan
yeah that was ridiculous but Joe Rogan
is obviously too large to cancel you get
to a certain level of status it's called
Saint status Patrick Davis that to me
and it's perfect when you have large
organizations that support you and UFC
was behind Joe Rogan spot fights stayed
beside him but they were thinking about
de-platforming him but he couldn't have
been de-platformed anyway he did UFC
behind him when you get to a certain
point of money and status you can't be
the platform which is why they came for
me before I got there once you get to a
certain level you can't beat the
platform but yeah they attacked him for
telling the truth in fact correction
they didn't even attack him tell the
truth they attacked him for asking a
question and they asked a question to
somebody who then told the truth and
they thought that that means he needs to
be deleted and everybody knows of anyone
who's ever read a history book that the
people who do not like the truth being
told or the people who try and censor
arguments are always the bad guys they
are the tyrants so everybody who came
for Joe Rogan is a is a bad person
they're genuinely a bad person in their
hearts they work for the devil
what do you think of Kanye West buying
parlor interesting I think that the more
people who escape the matrix or
understand the information they obtain
from Matrix control platforms is
controlled the better there are a lot of
Twitter Alternatives now I'm on getter
possibly uh personally I'm on getter
g-e-t-tr but there's getter there's
parlor there's true social there's a lot
of Twitter Alternatives popping up I
think overall it's a good thing for
people to understand they must get the
truth and more information outside of
the Matrix Hill platforms but I do like
would like the idea of us all to
centralize on one it's starting to get a
bit split out spread out the Twitter
Alternatives the great thing about
Rumble where I am is that the only
serious YouTube alternative so if you
want video like YouTube without
censorship you go to rumble it's the
only place to go which just makes them
very powerful and the more powerful they
are the harder they are to attack if
they're all spread out with lots of
different platforms they're gonna get
wrecked because the large company is
going to come for them financially
legally they're going to find ways to
destroy them right you need to get
together strengthen numbers yeah
what do you think of Elon Musk buying
not buying buying not buying buying not
buying Twitter good question I'm a
massive Elon fan I was so happy when I
was going to buy it when he said he
wasn't I was genuinely disappointed
because it's more important than money
free speech is more important than money
so he was saying it's not worth it
because the Bots was like bro I don't
care about money you there's no way you
can care about money like come on my
friend this is more important than that
this is about the freedom of Earth but
perhaps it was all part of a plan he's
obviously a very intelligent man I don't
want to be arrogant he must know some
things I perhaps don't know but but you
wouldn't want to overpay for something
would you I would for Twitter would you
I'd give up every single penny I have
for Twitter even if it wasn't worth it
all of it right 100 all of it yeah
because then you get to control
information and you get to reopen the
world to free speech that's more
important than money I'd overpay for
Twitter all day long but perhaps he's
less ideological than me but maybe maybe
he knows things I don't know but it
looks like he's buying it in the end now
which I think is good for the world
because
we need free speech free speech allows
different new ideas and I'm not I'm not
going to sit here and say that
you know everything I say is is is all
the people on my side are completely
right all the people on the other side
completely right the truth is usually
somewhere in the middle but if you
delete one side of the argument you
never get the truth yeah that's why it's
so important
what do you think of all the lawsuits
against Alex Jones of info was and you
know all the families of the
um deceased children so again yeah I
understand he may have said some things
he shouldn't have said however do I
think he was a billion dollars for that
absolutely not what did I say was stage
three of three stages stage one is they
silence you I think he's been deleted
from everything stage two is they used a
lot to try and [ __ ] you
so I think that Alex is on stage two
unfortunately am I saying he's right in
what he said no I don't know the details
of what you said I don't know the
details of the event however he does
live in a country with first amendment
protection he should have free speech
and the fact they're charging my billion
dollars for saying a few things
it's kind of crazy also nobody's right
all the time right he's a conspiracy
theorist but he's right 99 of the time
and they find the one time he may have
been a bit wrong and [ __ ] wreck him
they're not doing that because they care
about Justice or doing this because he's
on stage two of the three stages use the
legal system to absolutely not only
decimate an individual who they do not
like that's what it is so it's certainly
personal which makes it unfair by
definition if it's a personal attack
then it can't be a fair attack can it
we're all supposed to be the same out of
the law so I think it's
unfair
what do you think of the woke left
versus Jordan Peterson
the welcome after hateful people
Jordan Peterson is extremely intelligent
the woke left are full of hate they
weaponize virtue to pretend they care
about others because they're such
hateful nasty people
that they need to hide behind something
they did the same to me there's not a
single woke leftist who attacked me for
being misogynist which donates to
women's Charities like I do not a single
one who's built an orphanage like I have
a single one who takes stray dogs from
the streets in Romania like I have not
single one is prevented anyone from
suicide nothing they just took fake
virtue weaponized it pumped it full of
their own hate because they're
hate-filled and attacked me with it the
woke left of the most hateful divisive
intolerant people on the planet there's
no point in calling for tolerance for
different skin colors if you do not
tolerate tolerance of ideas what's the
point in that to say that we love
diversity but only if everybody looks
different but thinks exactly the same is
that diversity no sir is not diversity
is not only that we look different that
we think different that we act slightly
differently that's truly diversity these
people are not for diversity or
inclusion or tolerance they are
hate-filled feral Psychopaths they
attacked me and they attack anybody who
has any influence over the world which
does not absolutely and utterly go lock
step in line with their insane dogma and
Doctrine
and that ends the penultimate round onto
the final round
so this is called challenging Andrew
Tate where at times you've been
challenged sure and so I wanted to get
your side of it and there's one from me
I'd like to challenge you on just one
can't wait so
um was Piers Morgan the worst
interviewer you've ever experienced
I knew what he was going to do I don't
think I lost in fact when my team sent
me the report that
you know three days later 99.4 of all
comments on the YouTube video are
positive for me so certainly a PR win
wouldn't you say you knew what it was
going to do was it disgust or you just
know what his angle is I know what his
angle is and also before the interview
he's quite clever before the interview
he goes listen I've got a point of view
where I'm going to challenge you but we
need to make sure that we don't talk
over each other let me get shout and
Mattress bad for the viewer so my talk
let me talk and that's him saying I'll
talk over you correct
let's forget you so um clever right
filthy bastard
clever I think the only loser was
besides him he lost the viewer and the
viewer because I never got to explain
anything so it was kind of just like
frustrating to watch yeah so I won from
a PR perspective by all observable
metrics it was a good interview for me
so to say he's the worst interviewer
well the idea of doing an interview is
that you come off good I came off
fantastically in fact it was one of my
best performances and I barely [ __ ]
spoke so sorry it could be the best it
could be the best so it depends how you
measure it because as I said my team
analyzed it in real time all the
comments are on my side so perhaps he is
the best but the viewers certainly lost
yeah I'm gonna just say it it really
pissed me off because like I'm not as
big as an interviewer as him but then
I've got other business interests this
is my hobby sure but I thought that was
one of the worst interview performances
I've seen because he didn't let you
speak he put words into your mouth he
set you up he linked some really [ __ ]
nefarious things and tried to link you
to them probably to grow his own channel
which is fledgling yep
I thought it was terrible yeah it wasn't
it was an attempted hit job was an
attempted assassination that failed and
backfired he assassinated his own
character another time I mean he's
already put a bunch of Nails in his own
coffin he just put another one in uh if
if the social media comments were 50 50
I'd be very frustrated and angry because
it was so unfair yeah but because it
came out so fantastic in my favor all I
can do is be all as well all's well that
ends well yeah so when I got the report
from my team and they said 99.4 I was
like well then he [ __ ] up didn't he
yeah
like in my mind as we were planning to
come here it's like if you're going to
interview Andrew Tate the biggest
[ __ ] mistake you could make is not
let him speak what you don't interview
Andrew Tate to [ __ ] speak the whole
time is that not just yeah 101 it's true
especially as I speak so much and I
speak in such long form but yeah I think
he knew what he was doing and he was
trying to link me to a little girl who
committed suicide that's just disgusting
yeah or trying to link me to Alex
Jones's point of view yeah specifically
like I said and I said to him I don't
know the point of view of you all of
your points of view I don't know all the
points of view of anybody I've ever done
a podcast with what's the point you're
trying to make peers so Pierce I don't
know all of your points of view aren't
you the piece of [ __ ] who was hacking
people's phones for the Daily Mail
aren't you the piece of [ __ ] who was
telling everyone on Twitter they don't
better get 17 injections or they're a
terrible person aren't you the guy who's
completely wrong about the thing we just
discussed who's never apologized for it
and forcing people to take experimental
drugs you piece of [ __ ] peers so I don't
agree with most of the [ __ ] you say so I
don't know what kind of trap you're
trying to lay here you old man but uh
you got wrecked and the social media
sure he got wrecked maybe he's an
alright person off camera don't know
didn't speak to him much but me and
Peters actually I don't know if he knew
this I don't know if he recognized me if
me and him have been disagreeing on
things for a very long time we used to
be arguing on Twitter way back before I
got banned like five years ago so me and
Pierce never really got along I think
Piers is a flip-flopper i think he
flip-flops on issues a lot but he also
did say I don't deserve to be banned on
another interview separate to me even
though on my one he said I deserve to be
bad maybe it's just his style but you
know
he has also got a platform somehow so he
must be doing something right now all
right what can I say but
I certainly won by the observable
metrics and smrs
is only fans a good way to make a living
I can't sit here and promote women doing
only fans I don't think there's anything
actually intrinsically wrong with it I
think it's supply and demand I think
that if you have a product that men want
let them buy it I think that
the world is changing more digitized
anyway everything's digital your friends
are digital your business is digital so
you may as well have your girlfriend
digital that's how life is for a lot of
men but to sit here and encourage women
to do it would be semi-degenerate but
I don't think in and of itself is bad if
it's approached purely from a financial
perspective with the right checks and
balances in place if you're a girl you
have a man you're in love with that man
you're loyal to that man there's men who
buy pictures of you who never see you
who don't know your real name who live
far away and now you and your man get to
be financially secure build a home have
a nice family
I can't say it's a bad thing do you
actually like property I'm confused here
because I've seen a lot of content where
you talk about not owning your own home
um but you talk about having property so
do you like property or not I've also
seen you talk about seizure of property
rights so do you like property or not
well firstly the reason I say rent your
own home is because it allows you to be
flexible I think that the most
adaptables of the species survive and
rent is very flexible it's flexible
because one you can move easily maybe
you get a Dropout opportunity in Japan
you have to bounce or maybe your country
is about to lock down because of the
common cold and you don't want to be
stuck in your house rent is flexible or
you can move out and rent it out
completely well that that's well that's
if you own it right we go into that but
then you have to find a tenant that's
easy well perhaps that is I've got 1250
okay perfect then then let me change it
then perhaps you don't want to have
anything to do that country anymore you
have to sell it and that's not quick
right
another flexibility you have with rent
is not paying it
you know that you've got a tendency
don't do that you know better than me
the law on the west well yeah you have
to pay price Pro tenant yeah so you can
just not pay it yeah so maybe you're in
a situation where you can also vent a
tenant vet attendant properly and then
correct but what I'm saying is we're
talking about flexibility Darwin said
the most adaptable of the species
survives this remains true if you own a
home you are obliged to do extinct you
cannot pay the mortgage you lose a home
if you own the home you have to upkeep
it Etc I'm saying if you rent a house
you can move if you get a better
opportunity you can move if the
government becomes tyrannical or if
crime gets out of control or something
happens in your area which you're never
going to know and thirdly the a serious
option is not paying it and I don't want
people I don't want people to
misunderstand me here I'm not saying
don't pay your rent I'm saying if you
have some information let's say let's
the bull run that just happened all that
crap's over but people were making money
from the thin for the thin air for
crypto let's say you had some reliable
information from people you trusted
let's say those people have been right
100 of the time and they said if you
bought a particular coin it was on a
thousand X you could have missed rent
for a month you could have made it later
that's flexibility right so flexibility
is also super important so I always say
the average person should rent where
they live I know that's strange because
not everyone can rent someone has to own
it the people who own houses need to own
them the way you own if you own 1250
you're doing very well the way I own a
house it's not a mortgage it's just give
me this be put on the card Bank dot I
own it done I don't live there
there's no work for me
if I had to sell it I'd never need to
sell it quick I never need the money
fast it's something it's just an asset
but
that's why I say most people should rent
until they're wealthy enough to buy it
in cash if you can't buy a house
outright in cash you shouldn't buy and
even then if you buy it you need to be
very careful you need to make sure that
that government is never going to turn
on you
that area is never going to become
downtrodden and also understand that
owning a house isn't free there's
property taxes there's maintenance
there's upkeep a lot of the time I'm
about to repay all that [ __ ] it's not
far off rent
why would you not turn the bank system
on themselves and get a mortgage on the
property and leverage the bank's money
and then have a better opportunity cost
of capital rather than buying houses for
cash absolutely sure that is the way you
could do things but now you're indebted
to a bank and it's fine if you have
money from the sky you can make money
anywhere that's fine right but if you
are working a job let's say in central
London and you owe money to this bank
now because you've done it this way that
bank has a degree of control over you
you can't just quit your job you can't
just move things become very complicated
it just destroys your flexibility
I I'm not I'm to answer your question
earlier I don't own any property
I don't own anything
I don't own I own this suit and that's
it
I don't own any property
some friends of some trusts with some
companies which are registered from
Singapore May own some property right so
yeah I have the keys too but I don't own
anything so you have some assets under
your control that a property if you
don't own them I don't have any The
Matrix hates me I don't have anything
but I have some keys to some houses but
and yeah of course they appreciate of
course you can rent them I completely
get it but the truth is this property
like many other things is very
successful for some but for most I think
it wrecks them it's player versus player
like I said and everything it doesn't
matter if it's a cryptocurrency which
you buy a dollar and sell it ten dollars
if you sold a ten dollar someone bought
at ten dollars someone gets wrecked it's
the same with property you've done
fantastically well from it
congratulations my property has never
lost me a penny sorry if I own property
it would have never lost me a penny
congratulations to me but there's a
whole bunch of people who get up finish
University get a mortgage they can
barely afford work their ass off pay
huge interest rates sit in there paying
payment and either financial crisis
comes and wrecks them or they lose the
home in the end because they couldn't
get mow the payments or they finally get
it paid off and they're so old that
their life's [ __ ] [ __ ] anyway so
property is not to be all an adult to
anything and in fact I would recommend
to most people and if you look at most
people's finances out here on the street
if you take a thousand people who are
watching this right now and look at
their finances 950 of them would be
stupid to buy a house there's 50 it's a
good idea but for the majority it's not
could you say that about any it's sorry
to interrupt you I think it's the first
time in three hours so
um couldn't you say that about a
thousand set of case studies of any
human being yes thousands of them
shouldn't go to your martial arts class
because only 50 of them will survive yes
you could but
the difference is the Matrix tries very
hard to push the idea of property
some of the other things but you can
play The Matrix at its own game
completely 50 of them can 950 can and
this is my point my point is that the
Matrix says do property do property do
property that is only applicable to a
very small percentage it's not
applicable to everybody the Matrix
doesn't say do other things that are
applicable to everybody it tells
everybody the same blueprint and that
blueprint used to be applicable to a lot
more people I don't think this was
actually as deliberate as people
understand
50 60 years ago property was fantastic
for almost everybody one year's wage you
get a house that house costs 75 grand
now it's 450 Grand fantastic you did
good absolutely it's different now that
the horse the house is 450 Grand you're
earning 40 Grand a year now it's a very
different scenario so when your parents
or older people say yeah do property it
was great back then now I don't think
it's nearly as competitive as it was I
think that the Richer getting richer and
the poor getting poorer I think the poor
getting out priced of most assets I
think that's some of the biggest
mistakes poor people can make or
middle-income people can make is Chase
assets they can't simply can't [ __ ]
forward and the only way they can do it
is to indent themselves to a bank with
interest and enslave themselves for x
amount of years destroy their
flexibility to try and purl off owning
one property and owning one ain't gonna
make you rich anyway you're gonna own as
many as you do and what I'm saying is
there's a small percentage of people who
benefit from property just like there's
a small percentage of people benefit
from crypto yeah or stocks how many
people lose in the stock market most the
exactly how many people losing Forex
nearly all correct so this is the same
with every investment the reason I'm
only attacking properties because
property is the one everyone says is
safe for houses good for everybody no it
is not depends on your circumstance
that's my problem with property in my
scenario your scenario how can we lose
if I buy a house for 5 million and I'm
never ever ever going to need that money
I can wait until the day I die to sell
it then I'm always going to make money
all the property prices have crashed to
3 million that I don't sell it yeah who
cares it doesn't matter to me if I had a
mortgage on it admire it was my only
appropriate matter if inflation is 20 my
wages are going up one percent a year
all this [ __ ] matters not to me not to
you we're the 50. but 950 people here
need to join the real world learn how to
make money a different way because we
teach you how to make money with nothing
if you make money with nothing you can't
lose
that's the beauty of it you can lose if
you invest in a house you can't lose if
you don't spend any money but if you
raise money from other people because
money is infinite and everywhere and
partner up with someone and put that
into property yeah that's money out
thinner and then you buy whole die you
can't lose to a degree and inflation one
thing we haven't talked about yet you
have more good debt mortgages yeah
inflation's paying 20 that down a year
absolutely absolutely not really true
and I'm not going to sit here and say
that everybody who's ever bought a house
is lost I only talk about this because
the majority of my audience are 18 to 25
26 they're being told by people much
older than them that they they buy a
house they'll be financially secure and
I'm telling them that that's simply not
the case and also there's a bunch of
intangible disadvantages like the
absolute inflexibility of the house I
don't know in your experiences but
people I know have spent two three years
trying to sell a house two years is
eternity
eternity two years ago we were locked in
our houses two years ago is forever so
if you're going to accept that degree of
inflexibility if you're going to accept
that degree of obligation I think for
many people that is a mistake I think
there's better ways to make money and I
think that renting is a lot safer for
people especially now we're living in a
world where a lot money is made online
I have some people who can make money
online if you're making money online
even living in a western country stupid
go to Thailand live for a fraction
be safer
not get stabbed like they even live in
the west the general is dumb if you're
making money online and more and more
people are so my oh my my point is
nuanced there's absolutely exceptions to
the rule there's absolutely scenarios in
which I'm totally wrong it's a nuanced
point I'm trying to condense and I'm
saying that property used to be the
cure-all for everybody get a normal job
work in a factory pay off your house be
good it's not like that anymore not pay
pension money is not going to be yours
is it yeah exactly it's not like that
anymore and also what did we say earlier
about competitiveness we said that there
are people out there in the world
competing with me and there's people out
there in the world competing with you
you're a property shark you just said it
you're an animal they're competing with
you like you can pay more for it and
overpay for it because you know you're
gonna have whatever you can you can uh
buy the houses next door and put [ __ ]
tenants in them like if you want to [ __ ]
somebody you could so they're also
competing with sharks and this is the
point I'm making the reason I am
anti-properties because often it's a 24
year old guy who just got his first good
job at Uni he might be able to if he
doesn't if he eats ramen noodles for the
next 15 years pay off this [ __ ]
Council terrorist house in Liverpool
under my bro that is not going to save
your life you're going to be 50 in a
[ __ ] house that's a stop so are you
saying
to earn your money from a standing start
putting money into property is probably
not good but when you've got wealth
parking it into property is good correct
I think that if you have a lot of wealth
parking your money into Assets in
general is good I think that property is
a pretty safe asset overall globally it
does go through some ups and downs but
property performed you know it's
certainly a fantastic place I think as a
way to generate wealth are there some
people who say it can be done that's
fine but I think it's very inflexible
I've always preferred flexibility I
think we now live in a world where a lot
of money can be made online a lot of
money can be made from a phone a lot of
money made from a computer and also this
all ties back into the very beginning
where I said the ultimate bottom line of
the world is violence property seizure
is a perfect example you mentioned
property but surely that's the lot
that's something I wanted to ask you I
feel like that's the last thing they'll
take before a full-on [ __ ] War like
they'll take everything else first
they'll they'll call in the gold they'll
you know debase money that that'll all
happen before your [ __ ] house well
well if they're going to do it to the
whole population I agree but if they're
going to do it and if they're going to
do it to an individual I disagree yeah
if you don't pay your parking ticket
they'll take your house
sooner or later might take may take a
year may take two years they will take
your house so my question is do you own
it
this is my problem with property I own
my house do you
if they can take it off you anytime you
annoy them no if you don't pay your
mortgage for three months you'll see
your own job yes that's right if you
don't pay your taxes so you owned your
house if you don't wear a mask when they
tell you to and you get a fine for not
wearing a mask and you think that's
Injustice and you don't pay the fine and
they add money to the fine then it goes
to court you're supposed to turn up you
don't they send a bailiff you tell the
bailiff to get [ __ ] they will take
your house so if you don't wear a mask
they hit your house so do you own it
this is a philosophical question and you
can answer do you feel like you own your
property because I would argue that you
don't own [ __ ]
um philosophically I don't think I own
anything well I I would actually
disagree with that again I think that
there are things you can own in this
world well philosophically though you
said philosophically okay I'm dead I'll
own nothing well that's true okay then
it was a hypothetical argument it's a
hypothetical point I'm making when
people say I own property no I agree
with you because I answered your
question philosophically I don't think I
own anything you don't own your own
property either as a
a structure that's what we'll say no I
don't think I own my property I think I
own the income it creates correct and
the capital appreciation I get I would
say you're on the income at creates when
it's not in a bank when it's in your
hand for a while you own it yeah but
yeah well I always take it from I always
take the income you know the income
comes to me now obviously if what
happened to you happened to me then you
were known it then I could be [ __ ]
yeah you wouldn't on the property if you
got canceled to the level I got canceled
you would own none of that property and
you were not on the income either
because your bank would be frozen
you might be okay but this is my point
my point is for someone but you're a
shark who can afford complicated legal
structures Joe schmoe is getting a
mortgage in his name I teach Joe shows
to become sharks don't you that's what
you do that's the goal yeah but this is
what when when I say I'm anti-properties
because of the exact scenario I
described earlier 24 year old buying a
house get mortgage in his name he owns
it and I say listen my friend one the
[ __ ] make you rich two you don't even
own it but I mean owning it though like
what's that all about why does it matter
if you own it I I like you have a lot of
cars I don't have 30 but I think I have
six or seven I don't own a lot of them I
don't know my event at all yeah I don't
own it I don't want to own it completely
I understand and that there's a
financial benefit to doing that I get it
but property is something different
because your cars are a toy and property
is supposed to be an investment and the
point is is that the whole idea of home
ownership is a false Paradigm they're
they're I think we're now moving towards
saying the same thing because I agree I
think selling you of getting into debt
the average American pays six hundred
thousand pounds in a lifetime and
interest the the house that they've got
you in debt in is a trap and then you
pay half of your money in tax and then
you pay 600 000 in your life in interest
I think Liberation is when you turn
property into an investment I agree with
you and for me it's just a philosophical
thing where I think that anything that
can be taken off of you you don't own so
for me once again you're in a unique
scenario as am I but if you're Joe Schmo
owning it is never going to make you
rich in any considerable serious amount
of time 20 years from now you might get
by a bus that's forever I don't think
that long term all of my plans are three
to four months maximum
and the benefit of renting it versus
ownership well you can get kicked out
either way
and you lose all your flexibility
what's the point now once you have once
you're sitting there going I have seven
million dollars in the bank I don't know
what to do with it sure
it's appropriate of course put together
a complicated legal structure and notice
property absolutely but I don't think
that applies to most people who come to
me and say my mom said I should buy a
house well you're a dummy your mom did
something that doesn't work anymore and
you're still a dummy thing is sometimes
your parents love you so much they give
you bad advice well they give you the
advice that worked for them yeah like
and I don't blame them this worked for
them so absolutely why would they
believe it doesn't work anymore they
were putting money in a savings account
and getting interest on the money like
four or five percent interest on the
money and then buying a house for one
year's salary that went up 10x I'm sure
sounds like a great idea imagine it was
still that way right now I'd tell
everyone to buy a [ __ ] house but it
but it isn't and then you add into the
fact that the government's getting more
and more tyrannical you add into the
fact that violence is the bottom line
you add to the fact they will take your
[ __ ] house off you what they do in
Canada to the truckers when the Canadian
truckers got tired they went and they
protested and they lost their houses and
lost their cars and lost their [ __ ]
pets they euthanized their dogs
you know that I didn't know that I
euthanized our dogs I knew that they um
clawed money out of bank accounts they
euthanized their dogs who stole their
money from the bank account so a man who
worked his entire life driving across
Canada in a truck who was a proud home
owner found out very [ __ ] quickly
that you don't own anything it's a scam
so for me especially as somebody in my
situation my precarious situation would
be described at length somebody who was
an enemy of the Matrix considering that
property is the most controlled Matrix
asset that exists considering that if
they could take it off me they [ __ ]
would I need to find assets which are
very very difficult to seize
decentralized hard assets you mean just
there are a whole bunch of things in the
world which are actually very difficult
to take like and proper is not one of
them yeah there's other things like
one is people not knowing your own
things yeah
protecting the fact you even own it
which is true people like me up asking
about it on podcast well exactly that's
that's the first that that's the answer
right if one is protecting the fact that
you own it I mean I don't know about
your particular scenario but in Florida
uh during not Florida sorry in America
during California and in Canada they
were piercing LLCs they're piercing LLCs
to own CEO on TLC to seize the property
so once again the law says if it's owned
by a company that they can't take it or
they can't see who owns the property in
the company yes they [ __ ] can't piss
them off yeah if you piss them off
they'll throw all the rules out the
window same reason they're gonna kill me
the rule murder is bad
but they throw the rules out the window
when you annoy them so this is my exact
point so I just personally could never
sleep at night knowing oh I got 100
million in property I'm good because I'd
be like I don't have anything I am I
have to be quiet and I have to be
careful and if they don't like me
they'll get me
that to me doesn't feel like ownership
ownership is they can't take that off of
me that's true ownership so you don't
own property it's a scam it's a lie
I enjoyed that discussion
and I'm not saying you can't make a
bunch of money from it I'm not even
saying that I'm just it's just it's just
talking about people who don't have a
lot of disposable tying a noose around
their head of owning their own home
correct and then being in a position
where they might lose it anyway if they
don't completely live their life as a
slave and pay every [ __ ] parking
ticket yeah it's ridiculous I mean
because how do they really enforce
parking tickets I'll give you let me
give you a quick story I bought an Aston
Martin DBS three months ago I pulled up
outside the hotel I bought it in London
I pulled up at the hotel I parked in the
double yellow I left it there traffic
Warden is right there so I'm going to
give you a ticket
I said bro have you ever seen James Bond
look for parking
give me a [ __ ] ticket don't care
put ticket on it went in the hotel
stayed in the hotel stay in there come
on I'm busy stayed in the hotel for four
days ticket ticket ticket ticket it came
out to a win it was on my Instagram for
the deleted it windows
now how do they enforce those tickets
well we said they'll take your home off
you right I don't own anything
I don't even own that car
and the car is not the country anymore
sick in my house in Bulgaria
so now what the [ __ ] are you gonna do so
I got thousands of thousands of pounds
of parking tickets and guess what
happened nothing
zero because I don't play by the stupid
rules the Matrix tells me to play by if
I was Joe schmoe and I ignored them I
would lose my home but me I could turn
up come to get [ __ ] and do whatever I
want and what you'll actually learn is
that much like parking tickets pretty
much all laws on Earth
and all rules on earth have an economic
there's an economic level to which you
must adhere and there's an economic
level to which you don't have to adhere
anything that's Financial in and of
itself
is basically saying it's okay for rich
people to do anyway let's agree let's
say I agreed to pay the fine cool I
didn't have to look for parking I paid
three grand that's worth five minutes of
my time so it's basically saying it's
okay for a price so it's okay for rich
people it's not okay for poor people
whenever there's a fine as a punishment
they're basically saying no pores no
brokies or rich people can do it look at
Banks they make billions of dollars
breaking the rules and pay a million
dollar fine it's okay for the rich not
allowed to do it before if you do that
if you pull off some fraud as a Brokey
guess what happens jail time did the
bankers go to jail [ __ ] never this is
the whole way the whole entire world
works so extrapolating that out yes at a
certain economic level there are things
you can do and Aikido you can pull that
make property fantastic
but as a Brokey it's [ __ ] that's the
point I'm making
is the gender pay Gap real no
why not because women choose jobs which
are generally lower paying because they
choose jobs they're more passionate
about and interested in and funnily
enough when you're interested in a job
it's probably not as hard as a job
you're not interested in if you're only
going to do things you're interested in
they're going to be entertaining and if
they're entertaining they're not going
to pay you very much I believe that the
gender pay Gap was real and the world we
currently live in as competitive as it
is there would be companies which only
hire women because it would save a whole
bunch of money and you don't get that
I don't I've seen this argue I've seen
this subject argued at length I haven't
had a job in so many years I don't know
I know that if you ask
the average woman they certainly do
believe in the gender pay Gap but my
views are that one women choose jobs are
more passionate about which tend to be
lower paying because you only pay
somebody a bunch of money because
they're doing something they basically
don't want to do that's the first thing
I believe that like I said if a company
won't be competitive we don't hire women
and I also believe that there's a lot of
legislation that protects and makes sure
that people are treated pretty fairly
and I don't think that women give up
their whole lives for a job like a lot
of men do I think the reason a lot of
met our CEOs is one because yes there's
an argument that men have an
evolutionary instinct to lead and
perhaps are better pre
uh predisposition to the lead because
we're more emotionally stable there is
that argument but truthfully I know men
like me who give up our entire lives to
work all we do is work if we're awake we
work that's all we do I don't know a
single woman like that she sees the kids
she sees her friends they're more
emotionally rounded than us they're more
stable than us they're probably a lot
[ __ ] happier and they don't want to
give up their entire existence to work
why should they I don't blame them but
that means they're not competitive so if
you're a company and you're trying to
choose the best possible worker and you
have a man who gives up his entire life
to work and you have a woman who's had a
few kids wants to see your kids do the
school run bake cakes then she can't
compete so I don't think it's about
gender I think it's just about the
amount of time invested in doing the
actual job could you argue for example
professional football like women and men
they might
put a similar time in why is there such
a disparity there with what they are I
can absolutely argue that yeah
do you know why women footballers get
paid so little
no I'll tell you why well I'm asking you
I'm not being interviewed I'll tell you
why because women don't [ __ ] support
them
men male footballers get paid so much
because men go and watch the male
football women footballers get paid so
little because women don't go and watch
it so blame the other chicks that is a
female problem it's not to do with us
the reason that female footballers or
female sports stars get paid less than
male sports stars is because nobody
wants to [ __ ] watch because nobody
cares now it's not women who are
supporting the male sports stars it's
men so if your own gender has betrayed
you don't turn at us to say weed with
the problem don't turn to the patriarchy
no it's not the patriarchy it's your
fellow females who have zero interest in
watching you run around and kick a ball
in that that's why nobody pays you
anything because nobody wants to [ __ ]
see it
call supply and demand nobody wants to
watch it nobody's gonna [ __ ] pay for
it so my argument there is very very
simple no the gender pay Gap could not
be applied to sports because females
have betrayed their own gender
absolutely so to sit there and try and
blame men is asinine
so are you saying if there was equal
support there'd be equal demand and as
there would be equal demand there would
be equal pay there'd be equal TV rates
to be equal Gates gate sales equal
sponsorships equal ticket sales equal
merchandise equal everything how can it
be equal when nobody buys [ __ ] related
kind of stupid mindset is that and
that's what I'll say gender pink oh I
play football but nobody watches you
play football that's like me playing
guitar in a room by myself and asking
why I'm not paid the same as Bruce
Springsteen because nobody comes to my
concerts I'm on my own I'm sitting there
staring at a wall like a dummy if you're
gonna go kick a ball around and nobody
wants to see it then don't complain
where nobody wants to pay pay you nobody
wants to see it no my fault nobody wants
to see it I don't want to see it do you
want to see it tell the truth how many
football how many female football games
have you watched in the last six months
tell the truth the um Euro Cup Final
that's it okay and England won that so
one okay one not bad but yeah well me
it's a firm [ __ ] zero and for most
it's a firm zero
tough luck that's life however
let's flip it before I get called the
misogynist
if you would have a beauty pageant the
women get paid more than the men does
anyone ever complain about that no
but more men top 10 only fans earners
are all women all women so there's a
whole bunch of Industries where women
can Dominate and there's a huge gender
pay Gap nobody complains about that they
only complain what's the other way
around so they ignore half the argument
create a false Paradigm live inside the
Matrix slave mind ignore the truth but
the truth is there's places where women
get paid so much more than men
and we don't complain about it because
people want to see the women but if
people want to see the men
that's basic economics anybody who
cannot possibly understand that is a
lost soul
have you ever taken steroids good
question and I want to think this on
camera adamantly
and I want to say this straight to
camera because
if anyone ever finds out I'm lying
they'll crucify me so that's why I'm
going to say it this way I swear on the
memory of my father I have never once in
my life ever taken a steroid ever not
now not ever I'm not on trt I'm not on
any kind of pills I do not take creatine
I do not even drink protein shakes I'm
on zero steroids perhaps I'm genetically
gifted perhaps I'm God's favorite but
I'm in fantastic shape I smoke cigars I
eat meat I drink a lot of coffee and I
do train every day of course as long as
I'm supposed to but I have never taken
steroids ever ever and
even when they were talking about me
fighting Logan Paul he's a massive
steroid head I have that from inside
information people close to him have
told me he's on lots of steroids he'd
have to piss in a cup before I consider
destroying him because he takes loads of
steroids if I took steroids I'd be an
animal I'd be huge but I do not take
steroids because I don't need them so no
the answer is absolutely no however true
Jordan you can keep taking a steroids
I'll still beat the [ __ ] out of him I'm
not going to give him an excuse you
don't have to piss in a cup my friend
you have to turn up
[ __ ] him
the time will come God's retribution is
Swift and surprising the time will come
where he pays the price
foreign
so I understand you say that or have
said that depression isn't real
um why are there then over 700 000
suicides a year because they believe in
depression I think that when you believe
in things you give them power it's
amazing how you can self-hypnotize
I'm not saying feeling depressed is not
real everyone feels depressed I'm saying
the idea of depression as something you
cannot control is a dangerous idea and
Paradigm the reason so many people are
committing suicide is because the Matrix
is telling you that if you feel
depressed you cannot fix it they tell
you that depression is a disease that
you can catch from the sky no matter how
fantastic your life is and you have no
control over it and I argue that
absolutely the reason the Matrix wants
you depressed and sad is because when
that happens you are selfish if you're
depressed and sad you only care about
yourself you don't care about your
community or your family you don't care
about the world you do not stand up for
anything you will accept being [ __ ] in
the ass like through Jordy you'll accept
any amount of garbage they want to give
you any Matrix slave mind programming
because you're too busy being sad to
resist this is why they tell you that
when you are depressed it is a disease
it is not a disease you're depressed
because your reality is depression
depressing the truth is if I lived the
reality that most of these depressed
people live I'd be depressed your
reality is depressing you wake up your
wife doesn't love you your kids don't
respect you there's no milk in the
fridge and you're almost dead course
you're depressed you're running out of
time you've never had any fun or
Adventure Andrew tapes out here with all
these supercars living the life we're
here in Dubai doing a podcast you're a
Brokey of course you're depressed that's
because your reality is depressing you
the depression is something deep in your
heart and soul telling you that you need
to change things that is the unlimited
trauma the power I was talking about
earlier that you can take take all of
that depression and convert it into
unlimited energy to fix your life
energy cannot be destroyed it can only
be converted take the depression and
turn it into motivation and all of a
sudden you'll see how fantastic your
life is a guy emailed me saying he was
depressed he was going to kill himself
and I said listen before you do that
get a six-pack he said what are you
talking about you're fat get a six-pack
if you still feel like killing yourself
good luck by the time you sent me
pictures of a six-pack it was long
emails thanking me how I saved his life
his his reality was depressing of course
you feel depressed if your reality is
depressing if your reality is fantastic
you won't feel depressed I guarantee
there's a whole bunch of people you can
give a million dollars to and the
depression would despair the argument
against that is why do famous people
kill themselves from about to answer in
a second
and the answer to that is actually going
into the broader point that the way the
Matrix teaches about depression they're
trying to teach you to be helpless
they're teaching you that you cannot
fight against it unless you take
pharmaceutical drugs and I say that it
is not real in that Paradigm and that
believing that is the case is going to
destroy you having no hope will prevent
you from fighting back they're telling
you it's hopeless and it is not if you
do not believe in depression like I do
not believe in depression no matter what
bad things happen to me and how bad and
depressed I feel I know I can fix it
that will make me fight harder than if I
believe I cannot fix it the reason that
rich people kill themselves is because
they buy into this Paradigm completely
they go to a therapist and the therapist
says you have depression it's not your
fault it's a disease that nobody can fix
and I can't help and nobody can help
then they give them a bunch of
mind-altering drugs then they sit them
there in therapy to talk about all the
bad thing that's ever happened to them
let me tell you something if someone
told me that I felt [ __ ] and I couldn't
help it no matter what I did about my
life gave me a bunch of mind-altering
drugs and then sat me down to repeat all
the bad [ __ ] that ever happened to me
for hours and hours a day I'd kill
myself it gets to a point where it just
ain't [ __ ] worth breathing anymore if
you don't believe in that bollocks but
if you wake up and go you know what
they're saying this is a disease but I
don't accept that Paradigm I don't
believe in it I believe that I can fix
this myself I believe if I change my
reality and create an experience of life
that I am absolutely not really
Satisfied by I will no longer feel
depressed you will cure most of your own
problems take two men
put them in two individual haunted
houses haunted houses one believes in
ghosts one doesn't there's a loud noise
in the night the one who believes in
ghosts wakes up and is paranoid is
afraid can't sleep is sitting in the
corner of the room shaking the one who
doesn't believe in ghosts goes back to
sleep it is the belief in the ghost
which punishes him not the ghost itself
if you do not believe in depression
you can never be depressed that's why I
don't believe in it and to go into a
broader point about all of that
I don't even give a [ __ ] if I'm wrong
because I've adopted a mental model that
makes me ultimately and utterly
competitive in all Realms of human
endeavor and if by me not believing in
depression I am better at fighting the
idea of being depressed if I am better
at making myself feel happier if I am
better at regulating my emotions by not
believing in an idea that I'll continue
to stay wrong I do not believe in things
that take power away from me I believe
in things that make me more powerful I
will not sit here and start believing in
ideas that are going to reduce my
competence absolutely or not only not so
I don't give a [ __ ] what scientist
doctor I don't give a [ __ ] who you put
in front of me and trying to convince me
I am wrong I don't believe in it because
I am more competitive in this realm and
for the people who believe if you and I
go through the same terrible experiences
the same level of heartbreaking trauma I
guarantee your belief will destroy you
when mine won't and why would you
believe in an idea that is against you
why would you let your own mind become
your enemy don't people understand that
the entire world the entire Matrix is
against you if you can't control your
own mind what chance do you have every
single ounce of my body is on my side my
mind is my Ally all the way down to my
feet my fingers every single part of me
is absolutely and not really on the same
team we are a united front against the
enemies of Freedom how can I have my own
mind betray me and tell me that I can't
do something I don't give a [ __ ] if I
decide to jump off this building if I
decide I'm not going to die I am not
going to die my own mind will not betray
me perhaps I'm wrong but I believe that
I stand a better chance of survival if I
believe I will survive as opposed to
thinking I will certainly die people
underestimate the power of the mind I do
not believe in anything that takes power
away from me and another thing I do not
do is adopt the thinking of people who
are sad when I say this depressed people
send me long emails trying to convince
me I am wrong why the [ __ ] would I want
to think like you when you don't want to
live why would I want to think like you
when you want to kill yourself and I'm
perfectly fine adopting the thinking of
somebody who doesn't want to live
anymore is probably the most stupid
asinine inane childish ridiculous thing
of functioning adult can do if you're
depressed I don't want to think anything
like you so take your opinion and get
[ __ ]
say more questions
we were talking as we walked in
briefly about how the UK is [ __ ]
correct so we agree
we agree yeah we agree so do you want to
just give us a little snapshot of your
thought on the state of the UK the
politics in the UK that yeah your
thoughts sure
Empires rise and fall
civilizations decline
the it's such a shame because the
Patriotic Britain me is genuinely
appalled to how it was the largest
Empire on Earth
The Good Old World War II days stiff
upper lip Britain was such a beautiful
country the countryside to this day is
still beautiful if you can avoid the
crime-ridden cities it's truly a shame
what's happened to that amazing Nation
they have failed because they have
abandoned their age-old Traditions
they've abandoned their religion
Christianity has failed to preserve any
morality amongst the populace it's
failed to be a fearsome ideology that
people do not want to fight against so
Christianity as a religion has failed by
extension
and the UK is now attempting to use
Civility and legality to fight against
absolute savagery which is an extremely
inefficient way to fight efficiency wins
and they will always lose if you have
people who can get whatever they want
with three inches of sharpened metal and
your enemy against this is two-year
court cases human rights objections a
lawyer a legal team a tag home leave uh
cultural differences
how could you possibly win they can go
to Wilkinson's and spend two pound fifty
and get whatever they want you spend
millions and millions and millions and
you can't even beat the guy it is an
inefficient system and they are going to
lose
the general populace are afraid to speak
they're afraid to stand up and talk
about the true issues there are people
who are exploiting the UK because of its
softness because it is a soft target
hard times
we know this one and how that all ends
and the UK is at the decline of its
Empire and there is nowhere for it to go
but down there is no way they can
possibly fix it because the populace
itself are not acknowledging the problem
to its true extent because they're
matrix-minded and the news says it's not
that bad
and they're also not hard-hearted enough
to fix it we live in Dubai sorry we're
in Dubai now where you have 200
different nationalities and 85 immigrant
rate and zero crime do you know why
because people fear the law it's kind of
like
if you walk into someone's house and
it's pristinely clean
when you finish with your cup you'll
take it out but if you walk into
someone's house and it's a [ __ ] when
you finish with your copy leave it on
the table who cares it's a [ __ ] and
that's the problem we have with the UK
now when you walk into Dubai everyone
behaves you behave when you walk into
England nobody behaves so why the [ __ ]
would you behave and nobody's scared of
the law nobody's scared of their
religion nobody's scared at the average
English man and it's actually a shame
because the British were a warrior
Nation perhaps the best in the world at
it the average English British man is
too busy fighting against his fellow man
for some football game as opposed to
fighting against anything important the
whole nation head to toe has failed
whether it's the way men interact with
women the way that children are raised
the things they teach in school the
family unit marriages the legal system
the financial system the judicial system
the political system the fact you cannot
walk down the street alone at night with
a nice watch that you worked your life
off your life for without getting
stabbed to death by somebody who wasn't
even born there proves that it is a
failed nation-state and I absolutely not
really recommend anybody with any money
to [ __ ] leave
this show is called disruptors what does
the word disruptive mean to you Andrew I
like the idea that disruptive makes
people think right everyone's on this
train track and it's leading everywhere
it's supposed to lead Down The Matrix
pre-agreed schedule and all of a sudden
there's a tree trunk and it has to stop
and you have to think
my primary goal when I speak is to make
people think this is why I am
deliberately provocative sometimes
sometimes that's why I swear like we
discussed earlier because by saying
things that drop people's brains a
little bit they might slow down and
think and absorb if I sit and I don't
talk as aggressively or quickly or
compenduously or concisely or if I don't
swear then it's very easy for it to go
in one ear and out the other
so my talking style is designed to
disrupt so it seems like I'm on the
exact
right show and the place I'm supposed to
be amen
I'm really grateful you've taken all
this time out of your very busy life for
us on the show it's been a pleasure
thank you thank you very much I have a
question for you before we end yeah sure
what's the one thing I've said today
that you disagree with most
uh property I bet yeah property
millionaire disagrees funnily funny
enough yeah yeah property I agree
that we don't really own everything we
think we own yeah
but you know I've hundreds of properties
in my city
um and I've worked hard to build those
and I know the amount of money it makes
for me and I've seen them go up in value
when I started buying 50 Grand sheds wow
um you know and they've all gone up
three times in the last 15 years
Peterborough not far from where you were
born Luton just up the road
um I I you've I've always believed in
owning your own home because I I think
that asset you can leverage because you
can use it as collateral and it can get
you started but I do see your point and
I think Society has changed whereby
you're right you only need a laptop now
and you can create content and you can
be more mobile and I think 10 years ago
I'd have been completely with what
you've said I'm a bit older I've got
kids having a really nice home that you
own you rent somewhere you can't do what
you want to you have to shitty carpets
you know making a an oasis like this is
my castle I [ __ ] own this place and
I'm gonna build my Empire from this
castle and I've got that at home
um but I enjoyed our discussion and I
think you probably
um swung me a little bit on the freedom
part yeah
um that would be the only thing though
but now I think that um I've really
enjoyed the conversation I think you
make a lot of good points I think you're
very misunderstood and I wanted to give
you three hours to talk without [ __ ]
interrupting you because
I appreciate that and I also appreciate
that we had a conversation we had
differing points of view and neither of
us are calling for the other one to be
censored because we're not feral
Psychopaths which is also nice yeah
isn't that the Baseline of inter
interaction between grown-up adults
isn't that the Baseline of humanity in
Civilization as a whole discussions
between people and different points of
view I love to sit and talk to people I
agree with and disagree with it I've
never called for any of my enemies to be
censored in any regard the people who
are trying to send to me are genuinely
the enemies of freedom and evil and I
appreciate you uh allowing me to speak
it means a lot to me and um yeah when I
ever come to England again hopefully not
for a while but it ever happened we'll
have to grab a coffee yeah that would be
great and could I ask you one question
sure
um because I always want to improve in
everything I do sure hardcore sure Never
Satisfied the only things about this
interview I remember are the mistakes I
feel that I made
um so um how did you think I was as an
interviewer and what could I do to
improve I think you did really really
well uh
I guess for the viewer at home you could
maybe ask things
you could try and disagree a little bit
more I don't think that would make it a
better interview I just think the way
the algorithms work now that if you have
disagreeable Clips or short clips where
we're hard disagreeing it's good for the
algo that's the only answer I give as an
interviewer nothing but for the video as
a whole if you say some things which are
semi-controversial you can clip it up
but on Tick Tock push more traffic and
that that works is you'll need advice
that's the only thing I can say but all
in all I was very pleasantly surprised
to be honest actually it was good you
let me give my whole seven minute
answers it was fantastic so uh because I
I think lightweight so it's very hard
for me to make them sure thank you I
suppose I could have challenged a bit
more the one reason I didn't is flown
all this [ __ ] way I don't want you to
stand up
next time yeah next time actually that
would probably be a good clip yeah yeah
we've not got there yet we've done what
1200 episodes we've not got you there
yet where someone's walked out and part
of me wanted to happen but I didn't want
it to be this way yeah
yeah they have digitally digitally yeah
so uh yes thanks for let me speak uh
anyone who agrees with my ideas there's
there's three layers to stay in touch
with me because of course I'm deleted
from all mainstream social media firstly
you can find me on rumble.com tape
speech was a YouTube alternative I share
all my ideas there completely for free
and getter at Cobra Tate which is a
Twitter alternative my ideas are there
for free I also have free advice and
free ideas at cobredate.com on my
newsletter you can go to the website and
sign up completely for free every day I
send an email with mindset and tips and
tricks anybody who's interested in
making more money is the real world
which can be found on corporate.com and
anybody who's interested in finding out
the secrets of how money and influence
and power can be used there's the War
Room which is on purpose
thanks a lot Andrew it's been great
thank you thank you do not leave this
page without leaving your views below
now to watch more disruptors interviews
you can see them here before you go make
sure you like this video subscribe to
the channel and turn the notification
Bell on and remember if you don't risk
anything you risk everything
